 The Tanh function is then used to fit the value between -1 and 1. 
 While Tanh fits the input value between -1 and 1, this Sigmoid fits the input value between 0 and 1. 
 But whatever application our problem domain requires that we have to extend our limit from 1 to minus 1 well for that case we can mainly go with tanh activation.  So the H in tanh stands for hyperbolic.  So some people call it as hyperbolic or like I say it is hyperbolic.  So in mathematically how does it look and H of Z looks like he raised to minus Z minus E raised to e raised to z- e raised to minus X upon e raised to Z Plus e raised to minus Z.  So this is how your tanh function looks like so it is also an exponential function which is in terms of Z.  So now what is the peculiarity of tanh its function that it ranges from minus 1 to 1 so it does not give your signal into the range 0 to 1, but it can expand to minus 1 also so it will just shift this particular axis. 
 This is nothing but your tan H so I can write the this as 1 minus tan H Square h of Z especially so that is nothing but 1 minus here output Square.  So this is differentiative of your tanh function.  So if you want to see the geometrical interpretation, so how it basically looks like is you have this particular scale minus Z 2 Z you have one then you have 0.5 and then you have your minus 1. 
 Alright, guys let's discuss hyperbolic tangent activation function which is also known as tanh activation function.  Unlike the Sigmoid function, the range for tanh function is -1 to 1.  So it is similar to Sigmoid function, where we were catering the output in a range of 0 to 1 & setting up the threshold at 0.5. so in tanh we extend the lower side of the curve till negative 1 & our mid will be at 0.  So guys by definition tanh function is derived from the trigonometric function that's why it's formula is written as tanh(x) = sinh(x) divided by cosh(x).  A general problem with both the sigmoid and tanh functions is that they saturate.  This means that large values snap to 1.0 and small values snap to -1 or 0 for tanh and sigmoid respectively. 
