In my experience it usually not necessary to do learning rate decay with Adam optimizer.
The theory is that Adam already handles learning rate optimization ([check reference (hyper-link)]) :
"We propose Adam, a method for efficient stochastic optimization that
  only requires first-order gradients with little memory requirement.
The method computes individual adaptive learning rates for different
  parameters from estimates of first and second moments of the
  gradients; the name Adam is derived from adaptive moment estimation."
ADAM updates any parameter with an individual learning rate.
Adam has a single learning rate, but it is a max rate that is adaptive, so I don't think many people using learning rate scheduling with it.
Edit: People have fairly recently started using one-cycle learning rate policies in conjunction with Adam with great results.
From my own experience, it's very useful to Adam with learning rate decay.
Here, I post the code to use Adam with learning rate decay using TensorFlow.
The AdamOptimizer class creates additional variables, called "slots", to hold values for the "m" and "v" accumulators.
See the source here if you're curious, it's actually quite readable:
[https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/training/adam.py#L39 (hyper-link)] .
(No problems training with GradientDescent optimizer, but error raised when using to Adam Optimizer, or any other optimizer with its own variables)
run init after AdamOptimizer，and without define init before or run init
[http://www.coreblox.com/blog/tag/adam/ (hyper-link)]
So, the solution was to create a admin user with "ADAM ADSI Edit".
You could try something like this: [http://www.quest.com/intrust-for-active-directory/ (hyper-link)] it works for ADAM as well
I've always used [LogParser 2.2 (hyper-link)] to query user activity in ADAM.
I haven't used ADAM or System.DirectoryServices, but I do have experience with LDAP and AD; hopefully the following is applicable.
Have you tried specifying the user ID as a full DN (as required by standard LDAP) or as a bare username (if ADAM supports that)?
ADAM stores the unique identifier for a user in the displayName attribute of the user class.
They need to be unique in the ADAM instance for the user to authenticate.
If two users both had their displayName attribute set to 'jsmith' then neither user could authenticate in ADAM.
Posted my test class on my local ADAM instance for anyone who might be interested.
Working with ADAM is quite the same as working with AD.
When authenticating an ADAM user in SDS, you must use LDAP simple bind and use a name format supported by ADAM.
ADAM technically allows you to use Digest auth as well, but that is not available in SDS (only SDS.Protocols), so that doesn't apply to your code approach.
ADAM accepts the user's full DN, their displayName (if set and unique) and/or the userPrincipalName (if set and unique) as a "bindable" username, so start with the full DN of the user and seee if that works.
Note that you can put whatever you want for displayName or userPrincipalName in ADAM.
If you really want to do some type of bind authentication thing against ADAM, you'll get better perf and scale by using the ValidateCredentials method of PrincipalContext in .NET 3.5.
ADAM was somewhat like the little brother of Active Directory.
ADAM/LDS can also be installed on non-server versions of Windows.
Could you show your adam function?
It seems to match your adam function
Instead of opts.solver = 'adam';
Double clicked - CN=Directory Service,CN=Windows NT,CN=Services,CN=Configuration
Then changed msds-other-settings attribute to ADAMAllowADAMSecurityPrincipalsInConfigPartition=1
As far as I remember you just need to install another ADAM.
However, I can say for sure that, with the correct parameters, ReduceLROnPlateau does work with Adam.
So first, these 2 nodes are added by your AdamOptimizer, as nodes in the BP calculation graph.
where also 2 Adam nodes are created
Proxy
  authentication allows a user to
  perform a simple bind to an AD LDS (aka ADAM)
  instance, while still maintaining an
  association to an Active Directory
  account.
Also see the "Binding Through an ADAM Proxy Object" section in the following link:
[Managing Authentication in ADAM (hyper-link)]
Using optimizer='adam' seems to use this implementation:
[https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/python/keras/optimizer_v2/adam.py (hyper-link)]
After a bit of digging it seems that when you type the string 'adam' it calls another adam, which it refers to as [adam_v2 (hyper-link)].
ADAM needs a full DN for logins in most cases.
The network worked fine for all the optimizers except of Adam and Adadelta.
Variables are created by Adam, when you call the minimize function of Adam, for saving momentums of each trainable variables in your graph.
Then you create a new variable_scope for Adam, however, new scope will inherit the reuse state of default scope.
Then, Adam creates variable under state reuse==True, which raises an error.
The solution is to add a sub scope under the graph's default scope when you set variable_scope.reuse=True, then the default scope.reuse is still False, and Adam.minimize will work.
I wouldn't expect you to need to provide a username and password explicitly, as long as the ADAM server is in the same domain where you've logged on.
Have you confirmed that the user account you are running under as been granted permissions on the ADAM server?
To restart the process, just d = pickle.load('my_saved_tfconf.txt') to retrieve the dictionary with the configuration and then generate your Adam Optimizer using the function from_config(d) of the [Keras Adam Optimizer.
I am not sure for ADAM, but for Active Directory, while the full DN of course must be unique, the sAMAccountName must also be unique within the domain.
I was using a trainable variable for the learning rate(I wanted to trak the lr but it does not look possible), and also add the list of variables to compute by the op at adam.
I wonder if someone also tried to do some double gpu training using adam.
According file [ADAMContext.scala (hyper-link)] in the version you use.
It will use the implicit conversion in object ADAMContext
I had tried doing this at the adam-shell prompt and I don't recall having to use implicit conversion.
It was using the 0.19 version of ADAM though.
after specifying the exact path to the adam.Adam module it worked fine.
Beta1 and beta 2 : are the momentum decay; please check this:[https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/optimizers/Adam (hyper-link)]
[https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/optimizers/Adam (hyper-link)]
If you used Adam.
If this doesn't meet your needs, replicating and load balancing ADAM is quite easy.
Each connection to ADAM uses up an ephemeral port and Windows by default limits them to 5,000.
The reason is that the concept/idea in ADAM is "automatic digital asset management" - and a core part of the automatic is related to "belongs to the item 7503, and only to item 7503".
So this is currently not possible with ADAM, for this you need to use the "dnn standard" telerik-file-upload component
Specifically, the optimizer (Adam in your case) should be the first argument, not the second.
(So if you have 1M parameters, Adam will keep in memory 2M more parameters)
To answer your question, you just need to pass a fixed learning rate, keep beta1 and beta2 default values, maybe modify epsilon, and Adam will do the magic :)
Adam with beta1=1 is equivalent to RMSProp with momentum=0.
The argument beta2 of Adam and the argument decay of RMSProp are the same.
RMS_PROP and ADAM both have adaptive learning rates .
Then Basics of ADAM
In [cs-231 Andrej Karpathy (hyper-link)] has initially described the adam like this
Adam is a recently proposed update that looks a bit like RMSProp with
  momentum
Indeed, you can check this [in the docs (hyper-link)] for the TF Adam optimizer.
Note that since AdamOptimizer uses the formulation just before Section 2.1 of the Kingma and Ba paper rather than the formulation in Algorithm 1, the "epsilon" referred to here is "epsilon hat" in the paper.
"Adam" is a special case of "SGD" solver: Using minibatches, each iteration gives a stochastic estimate of the local gradient.
Look at your 'solverstate' and 'caffemodel' snapshots you'll notice that 'solverstate' takes twice the disk space than 'caffemodel' - this is because "Adam" solver stores for each trainable parameter mean and std ("moment").
Turns out I didn't need to instantiate two different Adam optimizers.
Interestingly with the older version of Tensorflow there was no issue with using two Adam instances even though the M branch names conflicted...
Programmatically you might try to send this LDIF file using LDAP, or using ADAM's command line utility ldifde (I hope I remember it's name correctly).
I actually used this ldif file to import a new attribute into ADAM a few years ago...
I think this holds to ADAM too, so be careful when adding new entries.
The above method works for all types of optimizers, not only Adam.
Also, there is a Keras implementation of AdamW, NadamW, and SGDW, by me - [Keras AdamW (hyper-link)].
In other words, you cannot directly use it with ADAM (=LDS).
However, as that answer also describes, an alternative is to let AD FS redirect to a custom STS which you write yourself (e.g., on top of Windows Identity Foundation, WIF), which performs authentication against ADAM/LDS.
I haven't tested this code, but the only thing you need to change is to tell updates to use adam(..) instead of the updates already provided here, so something like this should work (complete code looks like this (we need to get rid of rmsprop stuff)):
Fortunately tf.model_variables() returned only the variables needed for the model and not the Adam optimizer variables.
This nicely excludes the ADAM variables.
Active Directory and ADAM
  have a non-transactional model that
  supports concurrent additions and
  subtraction of multi-valued or linked
  object attributes.
In Active Directory
  and ADAM, changes to object attributes
  are atomic (at the attribute level) so
  you never have an attribute that is a
  mesh of two changes.
Keras implemented decay in AdamOptimizer similar to below, which is very close to [inverse_time_decay (hyper-link)] in tensorflow:
Base on this article you will find how to use the keras.callbacks and hopefully success to set the learning rate of Adam keras optimizer as you wished.
Adam is famous for working out of the box with its default paremeters, which, in almost all frameworks, include a learning rate of 0.001 (see the default values in [Keras (hyper-link)], [PyTorch (hyper-link)], and [Tensorflow (hyper-link)]), which is indeed the value suggested in the [Adam paper (hyper-link)].
This works for me to remove all Adam field hints:
You can do that with removeChild() also but you'll need to do a little more work to get the direct parent of the adam-hint.
In the fourth line, just make from keras.optimizers import Adam.
from tensorflow.keras.optimizers import Adam
The error came from an older version of keras, in the newer version, you don't have to import Adam, it can be specified using the quote, i.e.
You need to import Adam (With Capital A) from tensorflow - Keras ( Not only Keras).
recently, in the latest update of Keras API 2.5.0 , importing Adam optimizer shows the following error:
Adam) :
for more details, please have a look at :
[https://programmerah.com/keras-nightly-import-package-error-cannot-import-name-adam-from-keras-optimizers-29815/ (hyper-link)]
In my experience Adam tends to converge with less epochs, though I realize that's not the same as the optimizer running quickly.
Optimization using Adam runs slowly than optimization using Momentum because the former needs to accumulate for every parameter the exponential moving average of first and second moments, since it's an adaptive learning rate algorithm.
Use "alpha" attribute to control learning rate for Adam in Chainer.
Set "alpha" as an attribute for ExponentialShift ([official doc (hyper-link)]) as well to decay learning rate, if you use Adam optimizer.
my chainer version 2.1.0
Used code is [https://github.com/chainer/chainer/blob/master/examples/cifar/train_cifar.py (hyper-link)]
be changed L57 into "optimizer = chainer.optimizers.Adam()".
I'm not sure what you mean by not being able to use your equipment to run an Active Directory instance instead of mucking around with ADAM.
Seems to me that ADAM is never going to be an adequate test depending on what your doing.
ADAM isn't really a complete replacement for Active Directory.
For example, ADAM doesn't understand different group types, and doesn't include a RootDSE by default.
You could test against ADAM but you may run into slight differences in your query structures.
If, however, you are building an application that simply needs an LDAP directory and isn't going to be using Active Directory than ADAM may work out just fine.
The schema extension file you mentioned (MS-AdamSchemaW2K3.LDF) would work just fine but you would want to setup RootDSE for easier binds.
You cannot 100% duplicate AD characteristics using ADAM alone.
Both [early stopping (hyper-link)] and learning rate decay can be helpful with this, [even if you're using Adam (hyper-link)].
Looking at the source code of the Adam optimizer in Keras, it looks like the actual "decay" is performed at: [this line (hyper-link)].
If the question is "why it is like that" I would suggest you to read some theory about Adam like [the original paper (hyper-link)].
EDIT
It should be clear that the update equation of the Adam optimizer does NOT 
 include a decay by itself.
This can also happen when you are not training every variable simultaneously, due to only partially available adam parameters in a checkpoint.
One possible fix would be to "reset" Adam after loading the checkpoint.
To to this, filter adam-related variables when creating the saver:
ADAM is essentially an LDAP - look [here (hyper-link)]
Note that you can only use ADAM for authorisation not authentication.
You should follow the information [here (hyper-link)], there is a lot of good stuff about secure connections and how to disable them within your ADAM instance for development purposes.
Assuming that you don't want a custom-code solution for this, you're probably looking for something like [AdamSync (hyper-link)] to get your AD users into ADAM.
Long answer: as already mentioned in the comments, Adam already incorporates something like momentum.
In addition to storing an exponentially decaying average of past squared gradients u[t] like Adadelta and RMSprop, Adam also keeps an exponentially decaying average of past gradients m[t], similar to momentum
Adam is a recently proposed update that looks a bit like RMSProp with momentum
Notice that some frameworks actually include a momentum parameter for Adam, but this is actually the beta1 parameter; here is [CNTK (hyper-link)]:
Note that this is the beta1 parameter in the Adam paper.
That said, there is an ICLR 2016 paper titled [Incorporating Nesterov momentum into Adam (hyper-link)], along with an [implementation skeleton (hyper-link)] in Tensorflow by the author - cannot offer any opinion on this, though.
UPDATE: Keras indeed includes now an optimizer called Nadam, based on the ICLR 2016 paper mentioned above; from the [docs (hyper-link)]:
Much like Adam is essentially RMSprop with momentum, Nadam is Adam RMSprop with Nesterov momentum.
It is also included in Tensorflow as a contributed module [NadamOptimizer (hyper-link)].
Consider the update equation for Adam: epsilon is to prevent dividing by zero in the case that (the exponentially-decaying average of) the standard deviation of the gradients is zero.
I think the problem is you didn't train your code with ADAM long enough.
Your code with ADAM can reduce the loss across all 45 steps, but the final loss is around 0.001.
If the Adam's emulator (or the actual device) don't pull from the -xlarge layout already, it's probably in your best interest to simply ignore it.
Adam reports itself as a large device.
So, xlarge resources wont work on Adam.
If your Adam is still running Froyo, it will report itself as "large" and will not find xlarge resources.
The reason is that AdamOptimizer  creates additional variables and operation in your graph.
You will see operations that have /Adam or train/Adam init.
When you try to find-tune or reuse you model, the new AdamOptimizer tries to create those operations again, hence it raises the "Duplicate node name" error.
One way to fix the issue is to give a name to your new AdampOptimzer.
opt = tf.train.AdamOptimizer(2e-4m name='MyNewAdam').minimize(Loss)
However, if you will get error of uninitialized parameters when you run your training which is raised due to new AdamOptimizer variables which have not been initialized yet.
You can also specify Adam as a variable and use that variable as your optimizer:
The default values for Adam are [here (hyper-link)].
This is a known problem of Adam.
The equations for Adam are
One another note, you are correct about [ADAM (hyper-link)].
My experience over the last months is the following:
Adam is very easy to use because you don't have to play with initial learning rate very much and it almost always works.
However, when coming to convergence Adam does not really sattle with a solution but jiggles around at higher iterations.
But changing litte parts of the setup requires to adjust the SGD parameters or you will end up with NaNs... For experiments on architectures and general approaches I favor Adam, but if you want to get the best version of one chosen architecture you should use SGD and at least compare the solutions.
converges as fast as using Adam, at leas for my setup.
EDIT: Please note that the effects in my initial question are NOT normal even with Adam.
If we had apps that were very heavily used and had moderate or heavy AzMan dependencies, I would certainly store that in AD-LDS (aka ADAM).
and in Custom Validator's Validate Method you can query ADAM to authenticate user.
If you want claims based authorization ADFS 1.0 (not 2.0) supports ADAM.
Use ActiveDirectory + ADFS 2.0 
(why not use the built in fault tolerance and replication of AD?, ADAM is a pain)
Using AD LDS (ADAM) authentication with Silverlight compatible WCF calls (non wsHttp)
Although the expression "Adam is RMSProp with momentum" is widely used indeed, it is just a very rough shorthand description, and it should not be taken at face value; already in the original [Adam paper (hyper-link)], it was explicitly clarified (p. 6):
There are a few important differences between RMSProp with momentum and Adam: RMSProp with momentum generates its parameter updates using a momentum on the rescaled gradient, whereas Adam updates are directly estimated using a running average of first and second moment of the gradient.
Adam also keeps an exponentially decaying average of past gradients mt, similar to momentum.
Adam is a recently proposed update that looks a bit like RMSProp with momentum.
That said, it's true that some other frameworks actually include a momentum parameter for Adam, but this is actually the beta1 parameter; here is [CNTK (hyper-link)]:
Note that this is the beta1 parameter in the Adam paper.
There aren't many complexities or non-linearities in there (beside the sigmoid) so you probably aren't that likely to run into typical optimisation problems associated with neural networks that necessitate the need for something like Adam.
I'm wondering what's the right approach to resume training using Adam optimizer?
Please check this issue as well related to resuming training using Adam Optimizer(tf.keras): [https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/27049 (hyper-link)]
Adam optimizer uses more variables than just the learning rate, so to be sure to recover its state completely you can call model.optimizer
ADAM provides a more granular approach to security.
ADAM does this as well, but it goes further in allowing you to create actions that can be assigned to multiple roles.
Which basically means ADAM can provide a much richer way to slice security up in your app.
However, you can recalculate the current learning rate of a certain paramter using the implementation of Adam in PyTorch: [https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/_modules/torch/optim/adam.html (hyper-link)]
Give the Adam Optimizer a distinct name
Or written in code ( you will probably want a better name than 'Adam'):
It's an extra variable that was created because you are using an AdamOptimizer() to train your data.
Num_steps seems to be under train_config, not adam_optimizer.
Sorry Adam optimizer is implemented in V2 CNTK only.
In BS, you can use FsAdagrad which is close to Adam.
For instance, here is a notebook for [using Adam in SVGP (hyper-link)] in the latest release of GPflow.
Below is the Adam algorithm as presented in the Deep Learning book.
The code in the update is one evidence, another evidence is the following figure cropped from tensorboard, where Adam corresponds to the compute_gradient operation.
I don't know this specific book, but I know that Adam Bien a practicioner of simplicity and elegance.
As per Adam's Bien "Real World Java EE Patterns.
Concerning Adam it has two inner variables which are updated during training, it's part of the adam algorithm.
If you want to "reset" adam variables, it's perfectly doable, however I highly doubt that it's what you want to do...
if you reset adam state, you will break the whole logic of the optimizer.
If you try to evaluate a new image at inference time, the optimizer should not be run, and thus your model output should not be impacted by Adam or any other optimizer.
If you try to continue the training from a preivously saved checkpoint, I would recommend that you keep the Adam state if the dataset is the same (not a transfer learning approach), and thus you should not reset adam's variables.
if you really want to reset adam, this is how you will do it:
However, in the tensorflow.train.AdamOptimizer you can change the learning rate
but in the model.compile(optimizer="adam") it will set the learning rate, beta1, beta2...etc to the default settings
If you follow the adam string parameter in the source file [here (hyper-link)], you would see
This adam_v2.Adam has linked with three implementations placed in three different places, i.e
[Source Code (hyper-link)] tensorflow/python/keras/optimizer_v2/adam.py
Now, check the source code of [tf.keras.optimizers.Adam (hyper-link)], click view source on GitHub button, you would redirect to [here (hyper-link)] - which is number 3 from above.
may be SGD is better method to train it and of course maybe you do not use proper parameter values for training network with Adam.
What you need to modify is the 'lr' entry of each element of optimizer.param_groups, which is what ADAM actually looks at.
The problem is that Adam has additional internal parameters (cumulative averages of gradients, etc.)
You can not really plot the Adam learning rate like this, since Adam is a momentum optimizer.
In general there is no guarantee for the learning to converge, the raw learning rate alpha itself is not directly changed by Adams.
If you really want to understand how exactly this works you might want to read the Adam [paper (hyper-link)], it is much simpler than it seems on first sight.
See the paper [Fixing weight decay in Adam (hyper-link)] for more details.
It implements the weight decay adam optimizer by inheritance from the tf.train.Optimizer.
This [User Manual (hyper-link)], section 7.4 ASCII Commands for ADAM-6000 Modules says:
If you don't succeed that way, you could also try with HTTP from a browser as described in section D.2 REST Resources for ADAM, e. g. http://host/digitalinput/all/value.
I reread the whole original issue and had missed the point that you must use the Entity GUID rather than the Entity ID to pull up the ADAM assets.
Seems like your question relies on the fact that SGD with Nesterov would definitely perform better than Adam.
Usually, SGD takes much longer to converge than Adam.
Note that recent studies show that despite training faster, Adam generalizes worse to the validation and test datasets ([https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.07628 (hyper-link)]).
Adam is an optimizer method, the result depend of two things: optimizer (including parameters) and data (including batch size, amount of data and data dispersion).
I made a graph comparing Adam (learning rate 1e-3, 2e-3, 3e-3 and 5e-3) with Proximal Adagrad and Proximal Gradient Descent.
People have done a lot of experimentation when it comes to choosing hyper-parameter of adam and by far 3e-4 to 5e-4 are the best learning rates if you're learning the task from scratch.
Despite that, look at the formula of Adam -- it uses momentum for both the gradient and the squared gradient, which is initialized with zero.
Adam has by default a big momentum (inertia), so it takes a while in order to accelerate.
Yes, Adam and AdamW weight decay are different.
Hutter pointed out in their paper ([Decoupled Weight Decay Regularization (hyper-link)]) that the way weight decay is implemented in Adam in every library seems to be wrong, and proposed a simple way (which they call AdamW) to fix it.
In Adam, the weight decay is usually implemented by adding wd*w (wd is weight decay here) to the gradients (Ist case), rather than actually subtracting from weights (IInd case).
These methods are same for vanilla SGD, but as soon as we add momentum, or use a more sophisticated optimizer like Adam, L2 regularization (first equation) and weight decay (second equation) become different.
AdamW follows the second equation for weight decay.
In Adam
In AdamW
As this is very specific question, I wouldn't go to any mathematical details of Adam.
This is the screenshot of the actual Adam algorithm proposed in the paper [https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.6980.pdf (hyper-link)]
Adam keeps an exponentially decaying average of past gradients so it behaves like a heavy ball with friction which helps it faster convergence and stability.
It might be the case that your model will not learn if the learning rate is too big or too small even with an optimizer like ADAM which has a nice properties regarding decay etc.
Example of behavior of a model under ADAM optimizer with respect to a learning rate can be seen in this  article [How to pick the best learning rate for your machine learning project (hyper-link)]
Adam just changes how the gradient update is performed in gradient descent, it does not change when that happens, so its literally the same as in normal gradient descent.
Adam(lr=0.001, beta_1=0.9, beta_2=0.999, epsilon=None)
The differences might somehow reflect the discussion whether learning
  rate decay is even needed when applying [Adam (hyper-link)].
Adam updates any parameter with an individual learning rate.
So these reasons show why there is a discussion whether learning rate decay with Adam is necessary after all.
Using the bind argument, you can setup callbacks with the associated sheet (Adam), using the monitor_xxxx functions on sheet_t.
That's about it - When trying to get Adam/Eve going with a new UI framework - start small.
Once that is going add Adam and a simple sheet connecting two boolean cells so you can see if things are happening correctly.
I've checked their GitHub and there is no adam optimizer, so I assume you are using professional edition
There was also a ADAM  1.1 with Service Pack 1 [specific bug (hyper-link)], but from what you have provided, I do not think it applies.
Try replacing opt='adam' (which uses the default learning rate) with
In contrast, adaptive learning strategies such as Adam diagonally scale the gradient based upon estimates of the function’s curvature.
Instead of maintaining a learning rate that is shared amongst multiple parameters, Adam uses a vector of learning rates, one for each parameter and adapts those as the training progresses.
It is this non-uniform scaling of the gradients that results in the lag of generalization capabilites of Adam, and probably in your case, the massive decrease in accuracies.
As mentioned in [Improving Generalization Performance by Switching from Adam to SGD (hyper-link)]:
Despite superior training outcomes, adaptive optimization methods such
  as Adam, Adagrad or RMSprop have been found to generalize poorly
  compared to Stochastic gradient descent (SGD).
In order to combine the best of both the optimizers, they introduce a switching technique from Adam to SGD by taking care of: (a) the switchover point, i.e.
how long to train the model with Adam before switching to SGD.
(b) the learning rate to be used for SGD after the switch: determined by the momentum parameter beta_1 of Adam.
From our discussion in the comments, it sounds like the issue arises in the implementation of the Adam optimizer failing to update anything when model.fit() is called with epochs > 1.
I would be interested in seeing why this is, but a (slower) working solution for now is to use optimizer=rmsprop instead of optimizer=adam in your call to model.compile().
You can play with the parameters to find a good balance, but this is one way to use exponential decay as a callback function with the Adam optimizer.
It is based on Keras implementation of Adam optimizer (beta values are Keras defaults)
It works with Adam.
The solution from @Andrey works but only if you set a decay to your learning rate, you have to schedule the learning rate to lower itself after 'n' epoch, otherwise it will always print the same number (the starting learning rate), this is because that number DOES NOT change during training, you can't see how the learning rates adapts, because every parameter in Adam has a different learning rate that adapts itself during the training, but the variable lr NEVER changes
Typically, you'll also have to set at least the SAM Account Name on a new user entry on "straight up AD" - not sure if that applies to ADAM as well.
I am not familiar with ADAM, but most Auth & Auth providers require that you hash the password before attempting to save it.
AdamOptimizer is using the [Adam Optimizer (hyper-link)] to update the learning rate.
Adam has the advantage over the GradientDescent of using the running average (momentum) of the gradients (mean) as well as the running average of the gradient squared.
But generally, Adam has proven itself to be leading and is one of the most commonly used within DL tasks, as it achieves better results and accuracy metrics.
So in the first case Adam inherits from some other class.
The property model library (Adam) got a little use in CS4 and will likely be used more in future products.
The platform libraries in ASL (backends to Adam and Eve for Windows and Mac Carbon) started as some small example code, then the community started to refine it (the Windows port was initially a community effort), then we had some ambition to make it a real, supported library.
Because of this the platform libraries are a little shaky - if your code base is already using a framework you might consider integrating Adam and Eve directly (the API for both libraries is very small).
I saw similar results to pir: Adam would diverge when given the same base_lr that SGD used.
When I reduced base_lr to 1/100 of its original value, Adam suddenly converged, and gave good results.
Check out [https://docs.2sxc.org/api/dot-net/ToSic.Sxc.Dnn.Web.IDynamicWebApi.html#ToSic_Sxc_Dnn_Web_IDynamicWebApi_SaveInAdam_System_String_System_IO_Stream_System_String_System_String_System_Nullable_System_Guid__System_String_System_String (hyper-link)]_
And I forgot to mention: here the docs [https://docs.2sxc.org/web-api/custom-web-api-dotnet-saveinadam.html (hyper-link)]
SaveInAdam will place the file in the ADAM folder of the item.
The server name we were expecting is ADAMServer.
In any case, my co-worker was able to spot the problem - the name on the SSL certificate that had been issued on the server was that of the DNS name ("adam2.net") and not the host name ("adamserver").
Since all the parameters used in Adam optimizer are also variables of the graph of tensorflow, they will also be saved in the checkpoint and hence will be retrieved for next call to model.train().
in Adam in your example).
Use it as a learning rate in Adam optimizer - optimizer = tf.keras.optimizers.Adam(learning_rate)
The basic limitation is that the AzMan MMC snap-in uses the Windows Object Picker (the thing that lets you select users or groups from AD), and that does not support ADAM (aka AD-LDS).
AzMan uses SIDs for all access control, regardless of where the store is kept (XML files, SQL server, or AD/AD-LDS/ADAM).
What about using interfaces so God knows IAdam, or something like IHuman ?
AdamFactory) normally have something in common so you'd expect them to produce something more like a common interface rather than just an object (see Davide's answer)
You're right to worry about the up-cast since that will tie Eve to the implementation of Adam which defeats the purpose of a factory (unless you're really using it as a builder).
AdamFactory inherits from AbstractFactory<Adam>
So, fn.ConvertToValue('Adam Bob 123') will return 123.
Conversley
fn.StripToAlpha(() Returns the non-numeric part only so fn.StripToAlpha('Adma Bob 123') will return 'Adam Bob'
then you won't have a problem with "madam", as in your example.
The pass lr_schedule to Adam using the learning_rate parameter.
But also - if you have 'Adam' having 3 houses (A,D,E) in Australia, and 2 outside (B,C), you'll get:
-Adam
Adam Rosenfield's Trie is a solution to (2).
Furthermore, let the house of Professor Adam be
the source, s, and the school be the sink, t. Now we can formulate the problem as a max-flow problem: the flow on edge (u, v) will represent if any of the children has stepped on the road connecting the corners u and v. Furthermore, we let only integral flows so f(u, v) = 1 in this case.
Modelling of Adam's Problem could go like this
Now solve the max flow problem and if it is >= 2 , Adam is lucky .
The "name is not adam but" part is not really making sense, since you will get all adams anyway.
You don't need to have two parts to your query, one will get it all (Adam's row will always be returned... since the car Adam owns is always going to match the car from Adam's row :)):
And to cover null car for adam problem
Adam Pet returns two rows, not three).
So from pernilla it matches -[:FRIEND]- in both directions which, although it matches David, it also brings you back to Adam.
Although Pernilla has two FRIEND relationships, one is inbound (from Adam) and the other is outbound (to David).
The first finds all friends of Adam, for which there's just one: Pernilla.
The second MATCH finds friends of that friend (Pernilla), and there are two nodes connected by :FRIEND relationships: Adam (this would traverse the relationship you originally used to get from Adam to Pernilla) and David.
when you did this 
MATCH (user:User { name: 'Adam' })-[r1:FRIEND]-(friend)
you are looking for all the patterns i.e all friends of 'Adam' and catch here is the relation is not directed.
And its supposed to be directionless since friend is bidirectional ..and when you did 
MATCH (friend)-[r2:FRIEND]-(fof)
you are again looking for friends of a friend of 'Adam' and without directions.
And 'Adam' is a friend to a friend of him .
That's why you see 'Adam' in the results .
To be more clear here , you are not looking for friends of friends of 'Adam'.
you are looking for all the friends for any friend of 'Adam'.
if you dont want to see 'Adam' , you can do any of the following,
To remove the entries from the first occurence of Adam, 30:
To remove all Adam entries if any Adam, 30 exists:
So, you're creating three AdamOptimizer instances.
The simplest approach to strip the word adam and everything after it in each element of a list, you use a simple regsub and lmap:
After the domain is started, can you reach http://localhost:4848 or http://adam-desktop:4848 in your browser ?
I had to make changes on two machines, it means on adam-desktop and adam-laptop.
Adam (adaptive moments) Calls the 1st and 2nd power of the gradient moments and uses a momentum-like decay on both moments.
it works just fine, outputs starting index and length for each "Adam":
In order to match "Adam E" and "Adam Gray" to "Adam E Gray" you will need two fields, say fullName (e.g.
"Adam E Gray") and firstNameLastName (e.g.
"Adam Gray")
These fields should both be indexed and whichever your wish to populate your filteringSelectBox should be stored with a text data type (i.e.
Using this tokenizer will allow "E Gray" to match "Adam E Gray"
"Adam E Gr" is OK (the asterisk allows trailing wildcard search), "dam E Gray" is not.
Adam surrounded by single quotes:
Adam without single quotes:
You might optionally match the quotes, and after that check for adam.
!adam\b) Negative lookahead, assert not adam directly to the right
This is Adam
image1-small.jpg
image1-medium.jpg
image1-large.jpg
Adam

Ciao, Adam---This is Peter
image2-small.jpg
image2-medium.jpg
image2-large.jpg
Peter

Ciao, Peter---This is Susi
image3-small.jpg
image3-medium.jpg
image3-large.jpg
Susi

Ciao, Susi---
This is Adam
image1-small.jpg
image1-medium.jpg
image1-large.jpg
Adam

Ciao, Adam---
Adam
Adam keeps per parameter [statistics for its update (hyper-link)], see Alg.
In this case, the QStringList "results" would look like: results[ 0 ] = "Adam", results[ 1 ] = "is fat" and so on...
It would better to revert it -
  - initialize AA (Adamic-Adar) matrix by zeros
  - for every node k get it's degree k_deg
  - calc d = log(1.0/k_deg)  (why log10 - is it important or not?)
A small warning though: with this approach you really need to make sure that the values on the main diagonal (of A and adamic_adar) are what you expect them to be.
I believe there most be a function like the [one (hyper-link)] defined in R igraph in its python_igraph as well for the node similarity (Adamic_Adar as well)
You have the First name and last name so you can make a pattern like this r'Adam\s+Smith\s+', but let say that the first name can have multiple Words.
The other 2 are variables created by Adam optimizer that you use during training to maintain estimates of the first and second order derivatives of the gradients.
It will still create variables in minimize function, but it will only do it once since we don't repeatedly create the Adam model.
Will adam still be a solution?
Now it might happen that adam is no longer a solution because he might now drive four or more vehicles.
change your optimizer from Adam to other?
because I am using ADAM, and it works now.
In your cause this means that adam may occur and hecktman may occur.
In your case  (adam)|(hecktman) means that the regex will match lines containing adam or hecktman.
This says to match Adam followed by a word boundary and anything up until the first comma, immediately followed by John as the next term.
We don't have any ugly edge cases, because if John has to follow Adam, this implies that there will always be a comma separating the two names.
The original solution does not give the expected answer when there is an absence of "Adam" or "John".
Another option is by splitting all the names on , and using grep to check the position at which "John" and "Adam" occurs and select only if the difference between them is 1 (as "John" follows "Adam").
Use http://localhost:49770/HelloWorld/Welcome?name=Adam&numTimes=4
Whereas a call from code may be Welcome("Adam",4), from a url it would look like /Welcome?name=Adam&numTimes=4.
Simple way with 2 differeent queries -  user1: "Alex", user2: "Adam"
If Adam does not need to keep any funds at all, and you're simply building a checkout that uses Adam's API credentials but sends the money to Fred, then I would recommend using the [Express Checkout API (hyper-link)].
update employees set Note = REPLACE(Note, 'Adam', 'Brad');
in the Adam and Bob relationship, what you have is a private transaction between them.
In the fabric application (v1.2), there are three organization Adam(org1), Bob(org2) and Sara(org3).
and you are defining a subset of organization on the channel between adam(org1) and sara(org3).You are creating a private data collections channel comprising of only Adam(org1) and sarah(org3).
So, the data is only visible between only these parties not to Adam(org2).The Adam (org2) will only get the hash.
In your terms, Bob will see that Sarah has commented Adam's profile (the hash), but he won't see what the comment is, while Adam and Sarah will see the content of the comment.
OPEL-ADAM: [version:1, timestamp:..]
OPEL-ADAM: [version:2, timestamp:..]
Your error message doesn't correspond to your #6 entry (adam v.s.
It will result in an array [1, 2], because both of these dictionary entries contain Adam in its string list.
Adam
$ vi /etc/hosts add '127.1.1.1 Adam' to this file Save
for AdamOptimizer basically you will get the first and second moment(with slot_name 'm' and 'v') of all trainable variables, as long as beta1_power and beta2_power.
In tensorflow 2.x, e.g., Adam optimizer, you can reset it like this:
adam three
bob one
jack two
So, in (god)|(adam)&(eve):
\1 - "god" or empty
  \2 - "adam" or empty
  \3 - "eve" or empty
If you want the fruits that Adam didn't buy, you can use a subquery for this.
The problem is that ADAM does not allow passwords to be changed over insecure connections by default.
Sometimes a word is regarded part of the first name (Adam both in "Jon Adam" and "Adam Jon") sometimes not (Alin in "Jims Alin").
Via private communication with Adam:
You can implement it by "formatted string".For example , store "%1$s Adam!"
That means in your case that if request one has value adam and request 2 has value john, adam will see adam and john will see john in the header
Who out of Adam or Bob gets the reward depends on whose block remains as part of the 'Best chain' eventually.
Adam and Bob claimed that they found the block first by broadcasting to peers almost at same time.
Assuming Adam's block reached ITWala's node first.
He tries to make the chain longer by trying to fit at one end of the fork created from Block 4 from Adam.
Result 
Fork at the end of Adam's block is discarded.
Result: In this case, ITWala would use Adam's block to activate the best chain as it arrived first making him the winner for block 4.
Going back to Adam, [apply_sparse (hyper-link)] is relatively easy to read since it's an agglomeration of ops rather than a single C++ op.
So to answer your question, if you cap the gradients before calling apply_gradients, then capped gradients will be accumulated in Adam's moments (and likewise for other optimizers).
If you wish to do this I think you would have to implement your own Adam optimizer function (which seems relatively straightforward if you just copy the source code and modify it according to what you'd like to use).
Take AdamOptimizer as an example, you can learn its detail in this [article (hyper-link)].
user = 'corp\\adam'
corp\\adam.
You can use r'corp\adam' that way you tell Python it's a "raw" string and the backslash will not be used to escape other characters.
But when you are using adam - the learning rate has a much smaller value than it had at the beginning of training (it's because of the nature of this optimizer).
Ideally, you'd use a different field (a unique identifier) to identify Smith, Adam (e.g., an employee ID number), but if that's not available, then you could take the following approach:
(Suppose that "Smith, Adam Position" is in A1.)
Smith, Adam Analyst
you would get Smith, Adam.
SELECT  Name
FROM Customers 
WHERE Name LIKE 'Adam%'
If the name of your customers starts with first name (like Adam West) you can use
{SELECT  Name
FROM Customers 
WHERE SUBSTRING(Name,1,CHARINDEX(' ',Name)-1) LIKE '%Adam%'
}
if you are storing name with space as separator example "Adam abcd" where 'Adam' is firstname and 'abcd' as lastname then following will work
In [adam (hyper-link)] it is self._lr.
There's often no node in the graph for it because there is one big training_ops.apply_adam that does everything.
In TensorFlow sources current lr for Adam optimizer calculates like:
ADAM or adaptive momentum works as follows:
When you watch the Adam equations in this [paper (hyper-link)] you will see, that the stepsize has an upper bound at the learning rate.
In the paper they call this characteristics of Adam: "its careful choice of stepsize" (discussed in Section 2.1 of the paper).
This is exactly what you observe here as "essential equal rates" during the first 5 steps, the rates in Adam are building up (accumulating) over multiple previous gradients, while the stepsize is being restricted to the learning rate itself.
Additional remarks on Adam:
In Adam, the size of the step depends on how large and how
aligned a sequence of gradients are.
This is from the Deep Learning Book by Ian Goodfellow, in more Detail you can read about Adam [here (hyper-link)].
The way you have it currently setup, the default is "Adam", so you can call the function like so; string mystring = testfunction(); and it will return "Hello Adam", anything you pass in, will replace Adam, including null.
The user did not belong the local Users group on the computer running ADAM/AzMan.
However, in this case I recommend removing the "Adam" parameter for the Wallet constructor if possible.
"adam" is included in the results because your @some array only contains "adam\n".
SELECT * FROM contacts WHERE MATCH(firstname,middlename,lastname) AGAINST ('Adam Dustin')
SELECT * FROM contacts WHERE MATCH(firstname,middlename,lastname) AGAINST ('Adam','Dustin' IN BOOLEAN MODE)
Because of the space in Java Workspace, the terminal is treating  /Users/adamgoetsch/Documents/Java and Workspace/ as two separate arguments to ls
However, the Adam optimizer is typically considered a more advance optimizer because it tunes the learning rate as it trains.
Are you using Active Directory Application Mode (ADAM)?
So if that's working for you, then you are using ADAM.
If you are using ADAM, then use the [msDS-UserDontExpirePassword (hyper-link)] attribute to make the password not expire:
If you are not using ADAM, then the "msDS-UserAccountDisabled doesn't exist and you shouldn't be using that.
l1 and l2 could be calculated directly from df (as shown in the comments), but the line ADAM    1   A   0   79  56  ID2 contains a strange duration)
Putting only start_event and end_event row-wise into separate vectors for JOHN and ADAM one obtains
Manual derivation of JOHN + ADAM:
