I didn't dig in much into this but because you used fill=cond in ggplot(),
Since in your code you used ggplot(data, fill= cond) to create the histogram you need to add the legend title by also using "fill" in the label section i.e.
If you were using a different type of plot where the code was ggplot(data, colour= cond), then you could use +labs(colour= "Title Name").
cond-e gives every answer from all branches that succeed
cond-i gives every answer but interleaves them.
cond-a only gives the answers from the first successful branch
cond-u only gives the first answer from the first successful branch
It is a potential re-check of the condition that is not always performed.
what is "Recheck condition" and why is it needed?
When that happens, the table-visiting phase
has to examine each tuple on the page and recheck the scan condition to
see which tuples to return.
As a comment says: don't handle cond: turn it into if.
for instance (this may not get all of the semantics of cond correct in Scheme and is casual about errors):
You can use it $cond like below -
The begin is actually optional -- cond (in Scheme as well as in Emacs Lisp, at least) take multiple expressions after each test expression and evaluate them in turn in an implicit begin
Sort of like this, with a let inside the scope of the cond?
This code walks the given list seq-able (list, vector, array...) of vectors and returns the second element of the first vector whose first element is true (meaning not false or nil).
More importantly, you're using too many brackets in your cond syntax; fixed in this version.
It's not about cond or if, but it's on "how to group multiple s-exps into one and evaluate them sequentially".
r5rs describes cond here: [http://www.schemers.org/Documents/Standards/R5RS/HTML/r5rs-Z-H-7.html#%_sec_4.2.1 (hyper-link)]
The Racket definition of cond is in collects/racket/private/cond.rkt.
As an alternative starting place for your customised cond, one definition of cond is the reference implementation given in [SRFI 61 (hyper-link)].
It is succinct and is one of the best implementations of cond I've seen:
(As molbdnilo says, though, please call your version something other than cond to avoid confusion.)
In the above example, only the last else in the second inner cond returns true, which in turns returns true in the condition of the outermost cond.
if you have multiple conditions, just use different branches of a single cond.
This can easily be flattended down to one cond:
Even if you can use cond for every conditional its probably wise to only use it where there are either side effects involved or there are more than one predicate (like elseif in Algol languages) and use if as the conditional for one predicate.
you can write one of the sub-conds above to this:
Now I would automatically have changed from cond to if since it's no longer nessecary for a cond:
You cannot define cond or and or or or if as functions because functions evaluate all their arguments.
in short conds i like:
Following example [here (hyper-link)] you can create the array for "$cond" operator like this:
[$cond (hyper-link)] operator is not required.
Just a followup to my second suggestion (not an answer):
A cond is more useful when you have a simple if-elseif where only the alternative has nested ifs.
Notice that the tests after the first don't need to check that one is true and the second is not since we know that both cannot be true, then the previous consequent would have fired and the cond had been done.
In this case I would not have used cond since the nature of your problem has even nesting on both the consequent and alternative.
The first method sends everything to any() whilst the second only sends to any() when there's an odd number, so any() has less elements to go through.
After that, the slower version has to yield the resulting value for any to consume before moving on, while the second code immediately moves on to the next value.
The any function is a second actor here.
Should be clear that the second way is much more efficient, as they don't needlessly communicate for every ... single ... input number.
Of course, neither match nor if does exactly the same thing as cond.
It tries to find an item whose first function returns true, stops looking if it finds one, calls the second function on a found item and returns the result of that function (or () if none was found).
We can satisfy these conditions by matching a unit value against trivial cases:
Any conditional
using if can be transformed into an equivalent conditional using cond:
"if" may well be implemented as a macro around "cond".
"cond" is the actual "primitive" here, not "if".
Depending on which lisp you're dealing with, if and cond are definitely not always interchangeable.
We may design a new-if method made using cond:
Thanks to Neil Lunn's suggestion, I have managed to get $cond to using aggregation support from spring-data.
Please vote if you would like to have $cond operator supported properly through the framework: [https://jira.springsource.org/browse/DATAMONGO-861 (hyper-link)]
With only one predicate and a then and else expression you won't get any benefits of converting it to a cond, but it is very easy:
If you however write an expression as condition, like if expr, then Python evaluates the truthiness of that expression.
But of course, instead you can also use cond, you dont have to use a other comparison methode.
pmatch expects a series of clauses, like cond, except the first expression in the clause is a pattern, which can contain variables.
You can also stick a guard clause after a pattern if you want to require a condition beyond just matching the pattern, like checking if the extracted variable is an integer.
It depends on how you have implemented cond in the metacircular evaluator.
Usually it checks some operators for symbols like quote and cond and then do someething special.
Thus cond in operator position will be expanded as cond while cond in other circumstances would be evaluated as if it was a variable.
As I wrote in the comments above, $regex does not work inside $cond as of now.
Use [$ifNull (hyper-link)] instead of $cond in your $project:
This is what I used for my $_id.status parameter, to check that if it exists inside the cond.
if one wants to check $exists with in $cond an alternative approach is to use $not
with $cond
If you would prefer to use cond, then you can do
Here, cond has a syntax like
If your code, your cond is missing a few parentheses.
And from the [$cond (hyper-link)] docs:
Update: Currently srfi/61 does not work correctly for programs that use #lang racket or the like (srfi/61 is using different bindings for => and else from what racket/private/cond provides).
For loop is necessary because when Wait returns, there is no guarantee that the condition still holds.
When Wait wakes up it locks the lock, but there is no guarantee that the condition changes before locking happens.
In " if [is] a restricted type of conditional", I believe "conditional" doesn't mean specifically cond; it means "conditional statement / expression", in general.
So there are two, cond and if.
So if is a conditional; cond is a conditional; cond can have any number of clauses; if must have exactly two (or one or two, depending on the standard)  clauses; all the rest is just English.
You have to use _.matches or other function that allows you to pick a property in some object, with getData you don't have context, because you don't pass anything, and _.cond returns a function that works against an object.
If you want to test if hasLabelsAndTotalsAbove is true and execute some logic, you can create an object and pass it to the function returned by _.cond:
But in MongoDB 3.6 they introduced the $expr operator that lets you use $cond and other operations within a $match query.
I wanted it to be compatible with cond which raises a trouble: if you want the binding clauses to be like
The macro also tries hard (well, hard given I basically just typed it in and it's had no testing) to actually behave like cond: returning multiple values, for instance.
If I understand you problem correctly, then you can use or and rely on the fact that when is evaluated to nil if the condition is not true, e.g.,
well You are using a variable ($cond) in a method where it is not defined yet.
You might want to start with $cond = "";
or
This avoids nesting the if..then..else conditions as can be done using [$cond (hyper-link)] and shown below.
Noting also that an array of conditions here is typically also a lot easier to construct programatically than creating a nested data structure for the statement as was needed with [$cond (hyper-link)].
The if..then..else keywords to the [$cond (hyper-link)] operator are only a recent addition as of recent versions of MongoDB at the time of writing ( MongoDB 2.6 was the introduction of the keywords.
As an if..then.else operator [$cond (hyper-link)] is indeed a [ternary (hyper-link)] operator, just as would be implemented in many programming languages.
This means as an "inline" conditional, rather than creating "blocks" of logic to the conditions, anything that does not meet the first condition belongs under else.
Ternary means three conditions, no more no less.
Instead of <= for the last check, use the simpler t - the else in common lisp cond clauses.
The script-fu interpreter thinks you are using cond as a variable and trying to initialize it with some sequence of misformed function calls.
Notice that your code makes cond appear as name.
Also, don't forget that cond is an expression; similar to the C language <pred> ?
There is an open JIRA issue for this [SERVER-8892 - Use $regex as the expression in a $cond (hyper-link)].
The usual syntax for cond is as follows:
We use => when we want to pass the result of the condition as a parameter to a function that gets executed, for instance:
In the above code the condition evaluates to #t, and #t is passed as a parameter to display, which prints it.
If you must use cond, you must rewrite your cond expression slightly as yours isn't a valid formulation of cond.
You must have a statement, returning a truthy value, in each car of the cond expressions, you might write it as follows:
You're really just using cond like an if statement which, as it seems you've noticed, isn't its intended purpose.
Since your cond only has one consequent term and an alternative I would have written this as nested if
while if you were to use one cond it would eb slightly less effiecent:
However, if your possible-states is a compile time constant, you
can, indeed, use a macro, except that you probably want to use
[case (hyper-link)] instead of
[cond (hyper-link)]:
The initial cond is almost certainly malformed since it does nothing at all.
What should the junk cond be doing?
Remember: if is an special form with different evaluation rules (and cond is a macro implemented using if), that's why an expression like this runs fine even though it has a division by zero:
Bottom line: you have to use an existing special form (or define a new macro) for implementing conditional behavior, a user-defined standard procedure simply won't work here.
As a result, pre, act, and alt don't get evaluated until your special-if form gets turned into a cond form.
In (if #t 2 (/ 3 0)) the expressions #t is evaluated and since the value non-false, the second expression 2 is evaluated and the resulting value is 2.
Here if and cond are examples of forms, that don't evaluate all subexpressions - so they they need to be special forms.
If cond were not a special form then the expression:
an infinite loop because triangle-using-cond would keep calling itself recursively via the tail call  (triangle-using-cond (1- number)).
What makes cond a special form is that its arguments are evaluated lazily whereas functions in Scheme or Common Lisp evaluate their arguments eagerly.
Does it however mean that cond, or if, or both should be special forms?
Well, first, if you have if, you can easily simulate a cond with nested tests.
Conversely, if is just a degenerate form of cond.
Evaluating code conditionally is really a fundamental operation of computing.
From a certain point of view, the if form (or cond) is necessary because without them it becomes really hard to express conditional execution in a way that a compiler/interpreter can handle efficiently.
One mutex and at least one condition variable.
One condition variable per, well, condition that one or more threads need to wait on.
At the very least you need one condition variable for waiting on new jobs, the condition here being: "is there more stuff to do?"
A somewhat more substantive answer would be that there is a one-to-many relationship between a mutex and associated condition variables, and a one-to-one relationship between shared states and mutexes.
In any case, don't use the same condition variable with different mutexes.
I think that you could do stealing work from queue without locking at all via Interlocked operations if you organize it as stack/linked list (it will require semaphore instead of condition variable to prevent problem described in comments to this answer).
Instead of a mutex + condition variable, you can use a counting semaphore + atomic operations to create a very efficient queue.
If you do stick with a mutex and condition variables, you want two conditions, one for enqueue to wait on (and deque to signal) and one for the other way around.
The conditions mean "queue not full" and "queue not empty", respectively, and the enqueue/dequeue code is similarly symmetric.
The COND macro takes a list of conditions and evaluate them in turn.
Taking that, your condition evaluation should look something like below:
Note that using this inner/outer loop structure is cleaner than the cond you had, so my version doesn't use cond at all.
Note the change in args to second-calculation:
...or, in general: I view Clojure's cond macro as the equivalent of pattern matching or if/elif/else blocks.
You need a way of making the condition bodies evaluate lazily.
Here's one way of doing it, by making the body a function to call as you iterate through the sequence of conditions:
Note that it only makes sense to use something like this if your list of conditions is supposed to be dynamic.
For static conditions, you have pattern matching with when clauses.
It defines Cond as a partial active pattern which takes the test function as an argument
The comparison on [$setIsSubset (hyper-link)] is a shorter option than the $or condition you are using, though it's still basically valid to do what you are doing.
And of course since either form is essentially supplying true/false to the $cond then you can just reverse the logic with [$not (hyper-link)] where required:
cond and if are two very different syntactic constructs.
Cond syntax:
To specify a pipeline, pass an array as the second argument to update:
You missed dollar signs ($cond, $msg instead of cond, msg), otherwise while the macro is expanded inside Main you're trying to use absent local variables cond, msg rather than splice parameters cond, msg of the macro.
On the other hand, cond does not suffer such a restriction; you can put as long a sequence of individual combinations in the consequent part of a cond clause as your heart desires.
You can just as well use cond in these situations, but if you still want to use if there are some options for stuffing multiple combinations into one.
Here's how I got there from your code: My first pass would be to fix up the use of cond:
Note that cond is most like a switch statement: it takes a collection of condition-consequent pairs and returns a function which passes its argument to each pair until it finds one whose condition is true, then it returns the result of calling its consequent.
Thus for the second condition, we just check R.T, which is a function that always returns true, and use identity to return the input.
When we have a cond statement with only two branches, and the second one tests on R.T, we can write this more clearly with ifElse.
This takes a condition and two consequents, one for when the condition passes, one for when it fails.
This might be as far as you would want to go, especially if you're eventually planning on doing something different in the fail condition.
But if you're not, and you really only need one consequent, then R.unless offers a further simplification on ifElse, for those cases where the second consequent is just a pass-through:
unless simply checks the condition and runs the consequent if the condition is false and returns the input intact if it's true.
So now you see, an if expression is evaluated differently depending on the value of the condition, only the consequent is executed or only the alternative is executed, but never both.
Note that if/cond are syntax, not procedures.
We have applied the procedure with two arguments, the second being an expression (- 4 2) instead of a value.
Anyone can add new
branches for your multimethods - a cond is hard-coded: new dispatches
must be added to the cond code in place.
Writing a big cond for all the widgets you know about will work.
But now
for each new widget, you have to touch your cond source code and modify it.
Now imagine, that you have decided for the cond approach in a library
you are writing.
This condition should match your ip range:
condevaluates boolean conditions.
Got Solution and also extended pipeline conditions.
[pthread_cond_wait (hyper-link)] can have spurious wake ups.
When using condition variables there is always a Boolean predicate involving shared variables associated with each condition wait that is true if the thread should proceed.
Spurious wakeups from the pthread_cond_wait() or pthread_cond_timedwait() functions may occur.
Since the return from pthread_cond_wait() or pthread_cond_timedwait() does not imply anything about the value of this predicate, the predicate should be re-evaluated upon such return.
You need to change your waiter if condition to a loop:
the second item in the pair of each cond entry should be a function.
Apart from that the conditions themselves should also be functions that are applied to the argument which is passed to the function returned by cond.
[https://ramdajs.com/docs/#cond (hyper-link)]
But it turns out a mistake to assume cond follows the same pattern (which I had assumed).
Cond works just fine without surrounding parens.
- the first form in one of the cond expressions is itself is a compound form, i.e.
Make sure to remember cond does not follow the syntactic model of let
If you've been writing cond with extra parens, practice it correctly and learn to recognise it without.
cond syntax:
In this case, document.getElement will get the first element that matches .cond in document.
There are a bunch of frameworks and tools to bridge these browser gaps like MooTools, JQuery, Prototype, etc, but if you  need native and know the index position of the span with class .cond within a specific container, you could try:
[$cond (hyper-link)] is not applicable here but in the aggregation framework.
What you need is a pure old native JS conditional statement where you create the update document prior to using it in the update operation, and this of course should be set in a condition block.
In particular, this means that you cannot conditionally define variables the way you were trying to do in your cond.
Remember that (since you're already using an imperative programming style) you can just create top-level bindings set initially to #f (or some other blank value, though #f is customary), and then conditionally set!
Remember you cannot conditionally define new variables.
Your genSuccessors has way too many cond expressions.
You want to have one single cond expression with many branches within it.
Also you need to break up your branch conditions into multiple lines for easier reading.
As you can read in [MongoDb docuemnt (hyper-link)], $cond have to use inside something like $project.
OTOH, there are many desirable conditions for conditional jumps, more than 4 (think of like 8-16), so supporting more of them directly is a good thing.
You could repurpose 00 for the overflow condition.
You can't have multiple expression forms in a cond clause—you'd need to further wrap them in a single form such as do.
They are referred to as expression forms because usually their value is of interest (in a purely functional context) because it is the value of the expression in the clause with the first truthy test that the entire cond form evaluates to.
But, if you are using cond as a way to achieve conditional side effects, perhaps do is a good reinforcement of the intent:
With this in mind (that I would not write any define-macro macros myself), I poked around Femtolisp (a Scheme-like implementation that also does not use hygienic macros) for [its implementation of cond (hyper-link)]:
Here's [Chibi Scheme's implementation of cond (hyper-link)]:
don't overwrite the built-in COND
You would have to turn the cond statement, into a series of nested ifs.
So suppose that each cond clause is something like this:
The definition of [$cond (hyper-link)] array contents is “if, then, else”.
So this says “if this condition is true, then 1, else 0.”
In cond, after each condition there's an implicit begin, so you can write any number of expressions afterwards, but only the value of the last one is returned as a value of that condition.
The condition (< 4 5) was evaluated to #t, then (< 4 3) was evaluated (but the value is lost, you didn't do anything with it) and finally the expression (< 6 7) was evaluated and its result returned: #t.
You needn't know about conditions or mutex to operate threads in PHP, pthreads includes easy peasy everything ...
Having an if within a cond condition is usually a sign of doing something wrong.
Though the cond-> does not introduce new functions, instead it generates a binding form to be more efficient:

cond->> is very similar, it just places the threaded symbol in a diferent place.
Even better: never use the if cond is False idiom which can break when cond is not a boolean.
Simply use not cond:
Actually, I didn't find a recommandation for the if cond is False idiom in PEP8; [it even says (hyper-link)]
(cond is just the same, just offering a sequence of condition-consequent pairs instead of one if and one else.)
It's still not clear what you're trying to do with the conversion from an if statement to ifElse or cond.
R.cond is definitely one option for removing the nesting.
$lookup with fields collection and match your both conditions
You can add null on else brach(I used the simpliefied cond [see here (hyper-link)]):
Starting in MongoDB 3.6, you can use the [$$REMOVE (hyper-link)] variable as the ELSE argument of a $cond operator to prevent anything from being added to the set if the condition fails.
cond stands for "condition".
"if your next item in an iteration/collection doesn't match certain condition"
The cond is a method that checks the validity of your passed argument.
It is up to you to define the method for cond according to what fits to the situation.
I guess the tutorial simply writes as cond to suggest that the method should be a checking "condition" and it is a method.
As for the checking condition alone, yt is not necessarily a method though, for you might have a checking condition like this:
The cond may represent any method which you could use to define a criteria to be used for the iterate objects (it.next()) of the Collection in order to be deleted
Regarding the \cond problems (not an answer directly to the real problem you face, I think, but to long for a comment).
The version of the parser sees the \cond in the first line (normal C comment) as a doxygen command and skips everything till the first \endcond (your friend in these cases is always doxygen -d preprocessor).
As the function cond_enabled is not documented and EXPAND_ALL is not set to YES the function will not appear in the documentation.
So best is also to add a line of documentation with the function cond_enabled.
Note: the problem of skipping the \cond in normal C comment is quite a bit harder to implement (seen the logical complexity of the doxygen code in pre.l and commentcnv.l.
You want to use a compound expression inside {$cond:[]} - something like:
if, then and else are a part of the $cond operator and they're not operators in themselves.
Also, $in operator is passed an array where its first item is checked for presence in the second item.
The second item is usually an iterable.
The first part, df['cond'] != df['cond'].shift() returns a boolean array:
Since we want False's when the condition is True, the condition became 'not equal to the row below OR not True'.
You are using the $cond operator in a wrong way.
The first argument in it, expects some logical condition like $and, $or, or any combination of logical operators.
It begins with a variable cond that is not bound.
It's not the special form (cond (predicate consequent) (predicate2 consequent2)) since it doesn't start with an open parenthesis.
You could just have several cond (or if since you only have one test in each) and do side effects like (print "THIS-IS-AN-ATOM") since your base case will never trigger (nothing is neither list nor atom in CL).
Move the filter to HAVING clause and do conditional count
Try { $cond: [ {$eq:["$asistencia", false]}, 1, 0 ] }.
$cond is getting 3 parameters where first is the condition.
So used $eq to check the condition
In the foo function, the cond statement evaluates display as the condition to test.
The way to read cond is as a series of tests, where the first test that's true causes that form to be evaluated.
cond looks at (eq?
So the value of the cond is then "whatever\n".
Now, here's you second one:
Here, the first test is false, and it goes on to the second one, which is else and which evaluates to true.
pthread_cond_signal does not unlock the mutex (it can't as it has no reference to the mutex, so how could it know what to unlock?)
In fact, the signal need not have any connection to the mutex; the signalling thread does not need to hold the mutex, though for most algorithms based on condition variables it will.
pthread_cond_wait unlocks the mutex just before it sleeps (as you note), but then it reaquires the mutex (which may require waiting) when it is signalled, before it wakes up.
The common use of condition vars is something like:
The first thread wants to wait until some condition is true then immediately do some operation (with no race condition opportunity for some other thread to come in between the condition check and action and make the condition false.)
The second thread is doing something that might make the condition true, so it needs to wake up anyone that might be waiting for it.
Here is a typical example: thread 1 is waiting for a condition, which may be fulfilled by thread 2.
We use one mutex and one condition.
As you can see in the [pthread_cond_wait manual (hyper-link)]:
It atomically releases mutex and causes the calling thread to block on the condition variable cond; atomically here means "atomically with respect to access by another thread to the mutex and then the condition variable".
I have taken example from here
[https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/condition-wait-signal-multi-threading/ (hyper-link)]
Waiting on condition variable cond
Signaling condition variable cond
Locking and unlocking of the thread will happen only when blockThread's pthread_cond_wait() function is signaled to be unblocked.
[http://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/conditionals.html#%28part._cond%29 (hyper-link)]
In the [cond (hyper-link)] special form, there's an implicit begin after each condition, so it's ok to write several expressions, remembering that only the value of the last one will be returned.
The second query you posted doesn't restrict the result set - all rows are returned.
You can use condp to do this:
You use if with one condition and a possible else, that's it.
You use the cond statement when you have more than one condition and an if statement isn't enough, by the end, the case statement is used when you want to pattern match some data.
This is a limited world, so you want to expand your options and because of that you will eat different things on some conditions, so the cond statement is for that, like this:
So the case brings to you the pattern-matching approach to the data, that you don't have with if or cond.
cond receives no arguments, and it allows you to use a different condition in each branch.
R.cond searches each of the [predicate, transform] pairs, and stops searching on the first predicate that evaluates to true.
cond is a special form because the parameters must not be evaluated until they have to.
However, there is no denying that
  IF-THEN-ELSE seems to be the simplest
  conditional control operator easily
  capable of expressing all others.
Although I propose to construct only
  the lower-level portion of the
  compiler, plus the necessary macros to
  provide standard LISP features such as
  COND and PROG, one could easily
  imagine constructing an ALGOL
  compiler, for example, by providing a
  parser plus the necessary macros as a
  front end.
The point that Steele tries to make in this and other papers, including his [MS thesis (hyper-link)] on the Rabbit compiler, is that if is simpler than cond, and in general it makes more sense to macro-expand library syntax as cond and case into simpler essential syntax like if.
Superficially, one could be tempted into thinking that cond can be compiled more optimally (think [switch (hyper-link)] table).
Therefore, to answer your question, I see no real or lasting advantages to making cond essential syntax instead of a macro in Scheme.
where condition = {$ifNull: ['$b', false]}
 Here if $b not exist then condition = false otherwise condition = true.
so if condition = true then return then result that means b = true
if condition = false then return else result means b = false
The second case here is that what you seem to be looking for is some sort of "operator" that would actually return a [$geoWithin (hyper-link)] type of result in a logical (true/false) way to be used in a [$project (hyper-link)] or [$group (hyper-link)] stage.
Eventually I was able to return exactly what I needed by using the distanceField added by $geoNear in the $group stage's $cond, using the aggregation interface:
As pointed out by @StaceyGirl the mutex and conditions must be initialized using shared memory (mmap)
$cond is only used in aggregations, thus it won't help you achieve your goal.
The last test-expr in a cond can be replaced by else.
If else is not used, then it is possible that no test-exprs produce a true value; in that case, the result of the cond expression is #void.
items)) will evaluate to #f and the cond will try the next clause.
Since there are no more clauses cond will return void.
Note: The cond in the teaching languages will return an error.
$cond is an aggregation pipeline operator and you won't be able to use as you were expecting.
If you MUST do it in query itself; will have to manipulate conditions such that
a) in one query, a true value for flag results condition to be true and false results condition to be false.
b) in second query, a true value for flag results condition to be false and false results condition to be true.
And then [or] above conditions.
It takes an array of two elements: first one represent a reference to a field (must start with dollar sign) and second one is an array of values, so your $group stage should look like below:
For conditional sections within a comment block one should use a \if ... \endif block.
As stated in the documentation for \cond?
\cond is to be used when you want to hide some code.
Internally doxygen will end the comment at \cond and restart a new comment block after \endcond.
So the second part in your example does not belong to any page anymore.
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
For MongoDB v 3.2 and above you could use [$filter (hyper-link)] instead of applying the conditions manually like this:
For you to see any benefits, you would need a good number of tests because at the end of the day it boils down to the fact conditional checking is linear (O(N)) while patterns may be optimized to a binary tree search (O(log2N))
First, there is an implicit "when" (or "if") in the test part of any cond so you should not be using when yourself inside that test.
Second, you are using a single form, a when form, as the entire branch of the cond, therefore, the cond does not see the second form it expects when the test is true.
Check out this example of a proper cond:
[http://clojuredocs.org/clojure_core/1.2.0/clojure.core/cond (hyper-link)]
Use :else, not :default or anything else to introduce the catch-all clause in your cond.
-1) :negative) which is truthy and the true branch of the emitted if will get the value of (second clauses) which is :positive.
The else branch of the emitted if will get (clojure.core/cond (neg?
As the emitted code will again include a call to cond macro, it will be called again and expanded again.
Here we can see that the exception was thrown and macro expansion of the cond macro didn't complete normally by returning the macro expanded code.
You can just use [$or (hyper-link)] to express both conditions:
You've to add the fields in the $group stage that you want to be part of response so that it can be used in $cond expression.
You don't need to $unwind + $group and $cond.
I believe they are reserved for the same reason goto is reserved in Java: in this paradigm the terms cond and let have rather specific meanings, and it would be confusing to have programmers use those atoms unquoted.
It also may be that, given the way scoping works with list comprehensions and the general desire to avoid nested case statements (and aversion to if in most cases) it may be useful to use cond or let in the future.
EEP25 mentions that with a generalized case a previous recommendation for a generalized cond would be unnecessary -- but I don't know what recommendation this refers to (maybe a previous draft of the EEP).
This is treated like a begin block (one might say that each case of a cond automatically starts a begin block), meaning that all three expressions are evaluated in order and then the value of the last expression is returned.
x L) shouldn't be an expression in the else block, it should be one of the conditions of your cond.
To answer your question, you cannot modify the behaviour of $last using $cond.
Depending on the use case, you could execute 2 separate aggregation queries; first query all the users uid that logged in at least once last week, and second to query only those users that have the last purchased item value of $1.99.
Since, [as Rainer wrote (hyper-link)], we need to distinguish the cases already at read time, we can use reader conditionals for that.
The correct solution is to use cond's => form:
When COND is given only one test clause and nothing else at all it always returns the test result:
According to the HyperSpec entry on [cond (hyper-link)]:
Isn't COND just a way to write IF statements?
Well, cond is declared to be a macro, and [if (hyper-link)] to be a special operator, so you can think of it that way, although the expansion of cond isn't defined specifically.
But if is defined with syntax that requires a then-part, whereas cond isn't.
Here's what a cond clause with no forms expands to (in SBCL):
Conditional move does not require prediction, so it can never have this penalty.
In fact, a conditional move has more data dependencies than ordinary instructions, because the data dependencies include both “condition true” and “condition false” cases.
After an instruction that conditionally moves r1 to r2, the contents of r2 seem to depend on both the previous value of r2 and on r1.
A well-predicted conditional branch allows the processor to infer more accurate dependencies.
Note that a conditional move from memory to register would sometimes be a dangerous bet: if the condition is such that the value read from memory is not assigned to the register, you have waited on memory for nothing.
But the conditional move instructions offered in instruction sets are typically register to register, preventing this mistake on the part of the programmer.
The CPU will guess that this forward conditional branch won't happen, so the next instruction mov ebx, ecx will go into the pipeline.
Short answer, correct predictions are 'free' while conditional branch mispredicts can cost 14-20 cycles on Haswell.
$group cannot take conditional expressions, which is why that line is not working.
$project is the phase where you can transform the original document based on $conditional expressions (among other things).
You could use $project with $cond as you had it, but then your array of errorCodes will have an empty string entry along with all the proper error codes.
As of Mongo 2.4, $regex can be used for pattern matching, but not as an expression returning a boolean, which is what's required by $cond
sum(cond) is safe if cond is 0 or 1, but a more general alternative is:
If x and cond are views, st_store() is another option:
Step 5: replace two-clause COND with IF.
The first expression calls the helper function; the second one just evaluates the symbols fiHelper, 0, 1, 2, taking the value of the last one.
Instead, it used list-ref as the condition (which is always truthy, since all procedures are truthy), and evaluated your other two subforms and returned the last one.
or in a cond you can do:
You don't really need the cond or if if you don't have a list of else cases.
The general syntax of cond is:
First add a new field with $cond, the direction can be passed in as a variable:
It's not multiple lines in the cond that's your problem, it's the ("hi").
The condition number is the ratio between the largest and smallest singular values, which are the square roots of the eigenvalues of A.T@A.
Returning from pthread_cond_signal or pthread_cond_broadcast does not indicate that any of the threads are yet "unblocked" from the condition variable, i.e that the threads that are to be unblocked don't need access to that variable anymore.
So I think from the scenarios you describe only one is valid, namely the case were the solely blocked thread or process destroys the condition after being woken up.
nptl - pthread_cond_destroy() will return EBUSY if there are threads still blocked on the condition.
pthread-win32 MSVC - pthread_cond_destroy() will return EBUSY if there are threads still blocked on the condition.
Threads that are signaled but not unblocked will be executed before pthread_cond_destroy() returns control to the application.
Darwin libc-391 - pthread_cond_destroy() will return EBUSY if there are threads still blocked on the condition.
dietlibc 0.27 - pthread_cond_destroy() will return EBUSY if there are threads still blocked on the condition.
Thus pthread_cond_broadcast() must block until all threads have woken (but not released their mutex).
various win32 implementations - Many rely on the PulseEvent() function to implement pthread_cond_broadcast().
This has a [known race condition (hyper-link)]
OSKit 0.9 - Safe but returns EINVAL if pthread_cond_destroy() is called on a condition variable that is still referenced
The major issue, if I read your comments correctly is whether the pthread_cond_wait() can access the condition variable before it returns but after it is unblocked.
This means that after broadcasting, your thread cannot assume that the condition variable is unused by other threads.
When you call pthread_cond_broadcast(), you do not acquire the associated mutex lock.
While the threads waiting on your condition variable will execute sequentially, each acquiring the associated mutex in series.
Because your waiters may block each other, your broadcasting thread may continue executing while waiters are still in pthread_cond_wait() blocked on the mutex (but not waiting for the condition).
Additional synchronization would definitely be required if you are precluded from using pthread_cond_destroy()
I assume pthread_cond_wait (&m, &c); does:
__pthread_mutex_cond_wait_then_unlock will being monitoring the signals to the CV, then unlock the mutex, then go to sleep.
If the CV has an internal mutex that __pthread_mutex_cond_wait_then_unlock and pthread_cond_signal must lock internaly, then I assume __pthread_mutex_cond_wait_then_unlock does:
and pthread_cond_signal does:
Then pthread_cond_destroy will only be called after __pthread_mutex_cond_wait_then_unlock has finished using c.int_state.
So I think the thing you want is a rewriteCond excluding urls containing Server and after that a rewriteRule catching all the content and using it as an argument, this way:
If a constructor expression COND|SWITCH #( ... THEN ... ) is passed to generically typed formal parameters as an actual parameter using the character # as a symbol for the operand type, the following type inference is performed for the character #:
The fact that you're seeing this on the inner COND and not the outer one is because the outer type inference looks to the type of lv_result, a string.
The inner COND has no direct type to look at so instead uses the statically identifiable type '', defaulting to a CHAR(1).
First of all, you need to desugar cond language into a sequence of if-then-else sequences, which is trivial.
After that, you can rewrite if conditionals into  boolean operators.
All conditional expressions (and not only those evaluating to true/false) can be rewritten using only boolean combinators.
It's because and and or don't simply produce boolean output that they can be used to stand in for conditional expressions.
As a general guideline, use if and cond in most cases, rather than elementary boolean operators.
If you only care about taking action on a positive or negative result of the conditional, then you could use when or unless.
If both arms of the if conditional are boolean values, like this:
... then just replace the entire conditional expression with the condition itself:
Otherwise, stick to if and cond.
Once you convert a cond to nested ifs, you can always turn it into and or and not like this:
Another thing I should note is that sometimes you can transform a multi-branch cond into and or not without transforming into ifs first.
For example a 3-branch cond:
Or a 4-branch cond:
Each and corresponds to a cond-branch, and each cond-branch's and has nots in it for every previous condition, in addition to its own condition.
Reason of error:
$cond requires to check condition in $eq operator and need to pass $ before $permissions.publicRead in condition,
You don't need both a RewriteCond and a RewriteRule here, because they are (or should be) both checking the same thing.
Your code for last two cond branches:
cond supports multiple clauses, and evaluates each until one of them evaluates to a true value.
Is equivalent to moving the first clause of the second cond to the first one:
Perhaps the authors of the book thought it was more clear to separate the terminal null condition from the two others, but if that were the case, and if would suffice instead of cond.
Later in the same chapter, on page 41 they'll teach you precisely the kind of simplification that you're doing - dealing with all mutually exclusive conditions in a single cond form, instead of nesting cond forms.
The reason the book has two conds is because they are serving two different purposes.
The outer cond distinguishes between the two cases of the list datatype (a list is either null or a cons whose second argument is a list).
The outer cond is determined by the typed of data being consumed; all structurally-recursive functions on lists will have that outer cond.
The inner cond is specific to the particular function being defined.
I'm going to say the same thing as Ryan: readability is second only to correctness.
The advantage of the version that appears in the book is that it has a two-armed cond where one tests for emptiness.
cond is a special form, that takes (roughly) the form
Their only difference might be that afaik the cond version is considered more idiomatic in the Scheme community.
I think Anthony Ramine was working on implementing cond at one point.
You can use [$and (hyper-link)] with the [$cond (hyper-link)] operator
Inside the $cond expression you need to use aggregation operators, not query syntax.
You can use [$$REMOVE (hyper-link)] to conditionally exclude fields in MongoDB's $project.
REF: [$cond (hyper-link)]
If the 'temp' is assigned to be false, still specifying only 'temp' inside a conditional statement will result True.
That may be somewhat less efficient than a semaphore or condition variable, but it has the advantage of allowing the consumer to block in select()/poll().
A single semaphore does not do the job - you need to be comparing (mutex + semaphore) and (mutex + condition variable).
Then you can $substr the field and use multiple nested $cond.
Cond expressions are closed to extension by others or even your own code without editing the cond source.
If you just want to act on conditional logic then a cond is the way to go.
Cond and Multi-methods codes are taken from [http://blog.8thlight.com/myles-megyesi/2012/04/26/polymorphism-in-clojure.html (hyper-link)].
Caveat This is just a sample on doing benchmark comparing multimethod and cond performance.
The result below--that shows cond performs better than multimethod, can not be generalized to various usage in practice.
Cond-itionnal: 5.18 ms
The cond argument, which is the comparison { a < 3 }, is being executed by the call as the test condition in the while within the function.
Each time that is true, the second argument, &body, is being executed.
First of all, @schoenbl, if you want to match some condition in mongo aggregation, you should use [$match (hyper-link)] aggregation.
It will send the documents which fulfill the given condition.
Also, you are doing sorting in $cond, which means you want to sort each element, and that is not possible because you can't sort without having a comparison as you are inside $cond operator and it is performing manipulation on a single document.
In your case, you can't put an else after the first cond!
Likewise, when you invoke cond!
In your original question, you asked "One way I can think to fix this is conditional binding, if I could say: when count is less than zero, set count-operator to "inc", otherwise set to "dec", then recur at the end."
Except that you want to call reverse in one case and not the other so you need a conditional binding for that too.
Although as Andrew Cooke pointed out, a simple cond with recur in each 'tail' (and no loop) works just fine.
Since you can't check the length of myArray if it is missing or otherwise not an array, you need a nested $cond.
First [$unwind (hyper-link)] services array and then used $cond as below :
I can only speak for the javascript side, but you did not provide enough information on how cond?true: false is used.
If every instance of cond is a boolean true or false, then sure, replace them.
If any instance of cond is maybe a string or an int this could change the way the program functions.
//^where printing cond would result in the string helloworld
So in javascript, depending on how stuff is used, replacing these expressions with cond may not be the best solution.
One thing you can do to minimize the eyesore is change cond?true:false to !!cond.
On the other hand, handling cond ?
Actually it really has value for both c# and js 
For js as it is not type safe this is equivalent to new boolean (cond)
All the answers stating that cond ?
Not that I consider this use case particularly useful, but the little know feature is that cond need not be a bool; it can be any type that implements the [true (hyper-link)] and [false (hyper-link)] operators.
Secondly, you can look at using JOINKEYS.
First, cond and and are not functions, they are "special forms" (implemented as macros).
The syntax of a cond expression is different from the syntax of a function call.
function using cond.
In general, whenever you have a boolean expression expr you can replace it with (cond [expr #t] [else #f]) or (if expr #t #f).
Here's another way of writing the function: (and condition1 condition2) means the same thing as (cond [condition1 condition2] [else #f]), so you could write the function like this:
You can certainly write your own cond-ish macro to do what you want.
It allows for arbitrary clauses passed to my-cond to be length 1 instead of 2 which results in the length 1 clause being both the test for truthiness and the result if it is true.
Based off my limited experience with CL I actually think this behavior is different from what cond does but seems to be in line with how I've interpreted what you're asking for.
Kotarak's answer seems to line up with the CL one as using the last statement in the CL cond seems to match up with using the :else clause in the Clojure version.
I'd really advise translating the CL over to the Clojure form of cond.
Looking at the code in the future after becoming used to how Clojure's cond and trying to remember why the other syntax is there seems not worth the time saved by not translating.
An important feature of the CL cond is that if any of the operands of cond is a singleton, then the element within the singelton is evaluated, and if that value is non-nil, it is returned without evaluating it a second time.
Here is example when asyncScheduler change behavior (values printed after creation in the second example):
You could use the simplified syntax for the $cond expression:
Or alternately using the "list" form of [$cond (hyper-link)]:
Both are valid usages of [$cond (hyper-link)].
Also noting the error in your question, you might mean [$eq (hyper-link)] or you might mean [$gt (hyper-link)] or other logical operator on the condition.
[$cond (hyper-link)] expects it's "if" to return a boolean.
If you look at the full stack trace, you'll see that cond emits a deeply-nested if structure; the exception then occurs when the compiler tries to parse this structure.
The problem might have more to do with simply compiling deeply nested Clojure code than the specific use of cond.
A cond with 513 clauses in unlikely to be used in practice.
Given a list of condition and result mappings, e.g.
[ [cond1 r1] [cond2 r2] ...], where
cond1: (= 1 1),
r1: 1
Find the result - rn - where condn evaluates to true
You are issuing stop() in your inner tryCatch, and internally, when an error condition is raised, tryCatch() calls the error handler you provided which is the third element in a list (internal to tryCatch).
It calls that that handler passing condition cond via: value[[3L]](cond).
In the initialization forms, use and to make the calculation conditional.
You could make use of the => device in the cond clauses, for example:
You would have nested cond(s) in the corresponding clause(s), to represent the nested conditions like you describe.
I've been experimenting with cond When creating evaluators I usually test before I can peel and that ends with if and let nesting.
There are few fixes, missed brackets and $cond syntax not correct, also that way is wrong to get count of array.
You can write more than one expression after a cond's condition:
Just remember that although all expressions after the condition will be executed sequentially, only the value of the last expression will be returned, which in this example is (print-list q2).
The bindings in let are evaluated first, and only then you perform the tests in the cond.
Note that the cond could also be written:
Prefer [SECOND (hyper-link)] instead of (first (rest ...)).
All you have to do is keep whatever condition you want within those brackets.
cond allows you to check a set of conditions and return a value according to the first condition that is true: (cond (condition-1 value-1) (condition-2 value-2) ...)
The square brackets in cond provide an implicit do.
I typically use if only for two-branch cases and cond for everything else.
(You can also add an exception to this by using a second RewriteCond, that checks if the request method was not POST first, so that this redirect does not happen in such cases.)
The read-eval-print loop displays the return value of your function, which is one of the strings in a cond branch.
try for second one
Just search for 0 in $cond with strpos
As said in the documentation, its use is very dangerous so be sure of what $cond can be to avoid it if possible.
empty doc is the condition.
You can add any condition there.
Else if you wanted to check field size.value exists, then this (As $exist doesn't work with $cond we need to do this) :
Those rewrite conditions check to see if the URL is for one of the existing folders, and if not, send the request to index.php.
If your cond condition is truthy, but your value is not, the first expression will go to the default_value, whereas your second expression will give value as soon as cond is truthy, whatever the actual value.
The $cond is an aggregation operator you can not use in a simple update query,
You can check the condition in the query part if deviceId is null then update new deviceId otherwise it will ignore update operation,
Second, as per your try, you can achieve by [update with aggregation pipeline (hyper-link)] starting from MongoDB 4.2,
No, you can't use $cond with the update, MongoDB doesn't allow this.
But you still can achieve this by using this way: [MongoDB update with condition (hyper-link)]
IMO, this situation is the one time in Javascript where assignment inside a conditional is clearer than the alternative.
cond returns the value of the last expression in each body.
One of your cond branches does not return the new value for accumulator.
Second EDIT: Using a LinkedList is better when you don't need random access but fast add times.
Perhaps you can use a tree where the items are sorted into in a way that deleting one node removes all items that meet the condition?
As others have said, your first inclination should be to just build up a second list.
This could happen if we're really looking for the first N elements that match our condition, rather than all elements that match our condition.
and, of course, we need the condition interface:
And a condition with which to test
As I posted here in comments for other answers - I have thought that copying items from ArrayList to second ArrayList will be faster than iterating LinkedList and just removing items.
If remove factor is known a priori (you know how many items will be removed vs retained) then some more conditionals may be put to select approach performing even better in particular situation.
Rather than muddying my first answer, which is already rather long, here's a second, related option: you can create your own ArrayList, and flag things as "removed".
If using the current Spring Data release which has support for the [$cond (hyper-link)] operator via the $project pipeline, then this can be converted to (untested):
For Spring-Data MongoDB version which do not have support for the [$cond (hyper-link)] operator in the aggregation operation, there is a workaround which is to implement the [AggregationOperation (hyper-link)] interface to take in a DBObject:
I add the same issue and searched on Google and this was the first result I found so I'd like to add for future readers that this feature is now available since version 1.10 RC1 with the ConditionalOperators.Cond class.
I would then have used cond:
With cond each term you can expect all previous to be false, thus the last test is not needed since if it's not greater or equal it has to be less than 0.
The main difference is that it looks slightly better with cond.
If you have a need for begin (side effects) then using cond would also be beneficial since it has implicit begin:
Its the same but I feel cond wins since it's less indentation and more flat.
If you were to put in a = 1 with the cond written above it would just return with "cond: all question results were false".. Oki, now I'm done.
According to the JCL Language Reference manual the system first checks the condition specified on the job card.
If this is met the job terminates otherwise it then checks the cond code on the step.
FWIW I have always seen step condition codes and not JOB condition codes.
Going by your dot pointed criteria your options are to code step based CONDs (which you have already discerned) or to use IF...THEN...ELSE...ENDIF statements around blocks of steps that you want to prevent from running based on return codes.
IFs are much easier to code and read than CONDs although they are more verbose.
The instream prodecure has COND=(0,NE) on the EXEC, so this applies to any step executing that procedure.
Using the $COND procedure parameter, you can override on any step as needed.
Note that the actual step is now a procedure step, so COND= needs you to specify the step ("STEPnn" here), and the procedure step (always "PS" in this sample).
Your understanding of cond isn't quite correct.
A transition is taken only if the guard (the cond expression) passes (i.e., evaluates to true).
Besides that, the code has no errors per-se, but it's possible that the result obtained is not the one you expected because of the order in which the different conditions appear in the cond, try switching some, reorganizing them, etc.
Bear in mind that the conditions are evaluated from top-to-bottom and the first condition that is true will be executed.
s "hello"), because the first condition is true, and the second condition is never reached and therefore never executed.
The Cond is basically a if that has multiple options.
It has three arguments, unless the first argument has a value of #f it will return the value of the second argument, otherwise the value of the third argument.
OR accepts one or more arguments, evaluates them one at a time left to right, and returns the first value if finds that is not #f, and returns #f if no argument satisfies that condition.
COND accepts one or more arguments, each with one or more sub arguments (2 is the usual number though).
cond works more like an if, elseif..., else:
I think I got my syntax for cond from racket documentation since there isn't a lot of documentation for TinyScheme or more specifically Script-Fu
Cond evaluates a series of conditions in a list, each item in a list can be a condition, and then executable instructions.
Each part of the condition can be evaluated any way you like, the fact x above is in each condition is coincidental.
So comparisons with switch are a bit limited, it's essentially a list of if statements, that executes/returns the first true condition's body list.
Hopefully this helps you understand cond a bit better.
The and operator (not just in Lisp) is also very useful, instead of evaluating everything until true, it evaluates conditions that are true, until a false is evaluated.
The second case works because you have added the ops within the cond: this causes them to conditionally execute.
Since adder and subtractor are outside the conditional, they are always executed.
The second case is more like saying
But the important thing to understand for now is that we do not do true lazy evaluation: the conditional acquires a dependency on every quantity defined outside the conditional that is used within either branch.
Your second version—where the assign_add() and assign_sub() ops are creating inside the lambdas passed to cond()—is the correct way to do this.
Fortunately, each of the two lambdas is only evaluated once, during the call to cond(), so your graph will not grow without bound.
Essentially what cond() does is the following:
This means you can run your second version, and be content that the graph remains a fixed size, regardless of how many steps you run.
[ is expecting a vector, so use unlist on cond:
Using this in a logical condition, we can subset list elements in l.
If a condition on value is needed:
Normally cond keyword should raise an exception when it's interpreted.
I have never had trouble using nested binconds before, but I guess it's possible I've never gone above 9 conditions.
That said, if it works fine with smaller numbers of conditions, there's an easy way in this case to deal with it:
If you want a more compact way of expressing the second condition so you don't have to type all those ORs, you can do this to slightly shorten it:
If it does not work (and I dont' see why it won't) then is an expression and can be an other $cond :
Yes, wait() unlocks the mutex before blocking on the condition variable, and then locks the mutex again before it returns.
The other thread will start processing because the mutex will be
  unlocked then it will reach cond.wait(locker); but there is a food
  already so sleep won't be necessary the solution that i found out is
  by implementing spurious wake, is that what it is for?
[$cond (hyper-link)] is a aggregation operator, update can't allow that operator in this simple query,
If you find which part of your code is generating all these conds, you can hide them in a name scope like this:
Then all of the conds will be grouped into a single block, which you can expand or collapse.
One hack-ish way to do this is to put the let at the top -- before the conditional and add if checks for each of the let variables, for example:
Using an if instead of a cond here, it can be fixed as follows:
There are at least three problems here: firstly  you have botched the syntax of cond, which is (in part)
Now the problem (and the error from this problem was masking the error in cond for some reason) is that you've botched the syntax of let, which is (again, in part):
It would probably be nicer to raise the inner conditional into the cond:
it works for you, and it's not clear what do you mean with "multi-branch recursion", and why is it necessary for the second approach - isn't the first approach "multi-branch"?
Regarding the reason why the second approach is always returning #t - this line:
Finally, to correct the second approach, replace the last line with (else #f) and it'll work as expected.
You van just add an extra condition.
because both of parameters can't be implicitly casted to char
and to overcome this issue you need to cast second parmaeter to char
Create the query object to be used with [$match (hyper-link)] outside the pipeline first with native JavaScript conditionals as using the [$cond (hyper-link)] operator is only applicable within specified pipeline stages.
I assume you have only a single condition in the table?
What we do here is create Global variable &condition into which we put the last value of Cond-column.
Here we begin with set T1 and apply the String &condition, which contains the rule.
One feeds the conditions to macro loop, which selects the condition.
If there are dupilates, I suggest you split conditions and data to different sets.
The short hand ternary operator syntax for $cond is currently not supported.
Still you can reference the $cond operator via cond(if, then, else)
Or this, if ID/cond pairs are unique:
For the general case, you would simply have to update the list of conditions that must exist (i.e.
"having count(t.cond) = 2") to equal the total number of values.
SELECT id FROM tbl WHERE tbl.cond IN ( 2, 6 ) HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT cond) = 2 GROUP BY id
SELECT DISTINCT id FROM tbl AS tbl1 WHERE EXISTS (SELECT * FROM tbl AS tbl2 WHERE tbl1.id = tbl2.id AND tbl2.cond = 2) AND EXISTS (SELECT * FROM tbl AS tbl2 WHERE tbl1.id = tbl2.id AND tbl2.cond = 6)
cond=2 and cond=6 an no other cond, then the below, altered to read SELECT id, GROUP_CONCAT(DISTINCT cond ORDER BY cond) AS conds ... WHERE conds='2,6' will perform best)
SELECT id, ','||GROUP_CONCAT(DISTINCT cond)||',' AS conds FROM tbl WHERE INSTR(conds, ',2,') > 0 AND INSTR(conds, ',6,') > 0 GROUP BY id
SELECT ID
FROM MyTable
WHERE cond = 2
UNION
SELECT ID
FROM MyTable
WHERE cond = 6
First note that most instruction can specify a condition code in ARM instruction, not in Thumb.
With IT instruction, you can specify condition code for up to 4 instructions.
The original Thumb instruction set had no conditional instructions except for branches, because there simply isn't room in 16 bits to fit a 4-bit condition code on top of enough opcode and operands to be useful.
What the Thumb-2 extensions do is retrofit conditional execution to those existing 16-bit encodings, alongside the new 32-bit ones.
If you look at the ARM condition codes, you'll notice that the 3 most significant bits represent a particular flag test, and the lsb indicates either one interpretation or its exact opposite - originally even 0xF was a 'never' counterpart to 0xE's 'always' - so you can encode the base condition in 3 bits, and use the other 5 to encode which way the test should be evaluated for the next instruction plus a stop bit to indicate the number of instructions left to conditionalise.
Thus, until it is consumed entirely, the ITSTATE value can be unpacked into an ARM condition code and fed into the pipeline right alongside Thumb instruction encodings being unpacked into their equivalent ARM instructions.
The name is cond
The second case breaks down like this:
The name is cond
In both cases cond is a function that takes two Ints and returns a Boolean.
cond clauses have the following form:
In this case, the <test> is (cond [(even?
x)]) and the <result> is (cond [(odd?
unless) is used for its nil value when the condition fails (resp.
You can translate with cond or if expressions if you prefer.
I'd combine the final two cond clauses.
What you can do is replicate the anaphoric [conda (hyper-link)] and [ifa (hyper-link)] macros from TXR Lisp in Common Lisp.
conda is clever about expressions of the form (not x) and (null x) (also (false x) in TXR Lisp).
ifa was designed to either wipe the floor with Paul Graham's aif, or else to complement it; conda is trivially based on ifa.
Secondly, for something not to be eq to nil means that the something is true.
If we refactor your code to get rid of this stuff, then it's better if we have the Paul Graham Style anaphoric if aif (and an acond based on it).
You have to use the [T (hyper-link)] global to return a default value with [cond (hyper-link)].
Second rule will forward everything after /dir/ to /dir.php
Since you have two different kinds of elements you can use [$cond (hyper-link)] with [$type (hyper-link)] to determine whether you should combine single element or draws field.
You said that checking the conditions amounts to a big part of the cost of execution.
There are also special keywords that you can use to hint the compiler, as an example, in gcc you can use if (__builtin_expect( (condition), 0 )) to tell the compiler that the most probable outcome is condition to be false.
Not only the table size, but also the selectivity of the condition influences the optimizer's decision whether to use an index or not.
I have assumed that there will always be at least one condition (otherwise, you'll get select * from students where - invalid SQL syntax).
), you can also track the parameters alongside the SQL conditions.
The cond form is like this:
That's not quite what cond does.
cond accepts one or more arguments, each argument which must be a list of scheme-expressions.
(cond (#t)) is a valid cond statement.
(cond (#t 1 2 3 4 (if (number?
"It rubs lotion on it's skin"))) is a valid cond statement
If your compiler objects to this, you can condition it on the __CDT_PARSER__ macro, so that only CDT sees it, not your compiler:
If you want to use variable amount of where conditions, you should build query via string builder with placeholders and then use parameters.
To match the condition, the input string must consist of only uppercase and non-alphabetic characters, containing at least one uppercase character.
\A and \z match string boundaries, the entire string must fulfill the condition
I'll check my copy of TLS when I get home to see if I can divine what's going on, but you're not missing anything fundamental about cond or anything.
I think the cond is extraneous.
In psudeo-C the equivant (with cond) is:
$filter to filter items on the base of condition, $size to get total count of returned elements from filter,
Second option using $reduce,
$reduce to iterate loop of items array, check condition if status match then sum with value
splitting it into two functions:


one that checks a single condition
another that checks many using a combinator function; the default is all(), for "AND"; if you want, you can use combinator=any for an "OR" sort of query).
The pthread_cond_signal function causes one thread that is currently waiting on the condition variable to stop waiting on the condition variable.
It still cannot make forward progress until it acquires the mutex since it needs the mutex to check if can exit the while condition.
If your indention is that cancel_master_thread() performs exactly one pthread_cond_wait() for one pthread_cond_signal() from cancel_slave_MB() (while in the while-loop) then do it the following way:
Your results differ because your second case uses | instead of ||.
You don't need to switch to if to make use of || -- cond, unlike case, accepts any expression and you can join top == nil and top == "(" with || to get what you want:
check this link as well : [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27479347/is-there-an-elseif-thing-in-mongodb-to-cond-while-aggregating]
The point of the code coverage tool is to make sure you have enough test cases (i.e., check-expects) to cover all the code you have written rather than ensuring that your cond clauses cover all the cases of your data definition.
There's also filter, but I don't think that's what you want here at all, since you seem to be going for "Add this one thing, if this one condition is true" rather than checking everything against some condition.
You can spread an array inside of an array, in order to keep items array clean, when the condition is false.
If the condition is true, then it returns ['bar'], otherwise an empty array [].
-Wduplicated-cond does catch this case.
main.cpp:8:11: warning: duplicated 'if' condition [-Wduplicated-cond]
Given that the new warning currently breaks bootstrap [*] and I see no
  simple way how to resolve PR67819 derived out of the bootstrap
  failure, I'm moving -Wduplicated-cond out of -Wall and skipping one of
  the tests for the time being.
your conditions will always fire, even if there are no characters after /index.html, this is because you used a 0-or-more quantifier (the * symbol), so if there are 0 or more of any character (.
The problem with your code is that the producer can acquire the mutex before any or all of the consumers, in which case the consumer(s) will be waiting at the pthread_mutex_lock(); when the condition is signalled - so they will then wait forever at the pthread_cond_wait() (signals aren't queued: if you aren't waiting when the condition variable gets signalled, you'll miss it).
This is why pthread condition variable must be paired with a condition over some shared state - called a predicate.
Instead of just calling pthread_cond_wait(), you call it in a loop that tests the predicate:
This way it doesn't matter if the producer gets there first or the consumer: if the consumer reaches its critical section before the producer, the predicate will be false and the consumer will wait; if the producer reaches its critical section before the consumer, the condition will be true and the consumer will continue.
In this case, to create your predicate you could have a global shared variable last_value_produced initialised to zero and incremented by the producer just before it broadcasts the condition variable.
Each consumer maintains a local variable last_value_consumed also initialised to zero, and the condition becomes:
There is no limit to the number of predicates that can be included in a search condition.
For more information about search conditions and predicates.
If the conditional variable was statically initialized (PTHREAD_COND_INITIALIZER), then you don't need to destroy it.
Although there's no direct reference whether destroying a statically allocated conditional variable using pthread_cond_wait(), we can from:
In cases where default condition variable attributes are appropriate,
  the macro PTHREAD_COND_INITIALIZER can be used to initialize condition
  variables.
The effect shall be equivalent to dynamic initialization by
  a call to pthread_cond_init() with parameter attr specified as NULL,
  except that no error checks are performed.
So destroying is fine as long as no other threads are waiting on the same condition (or will do so later in the program).
If you intend to reuse the conditional variable after destroying it, then it must be reinitialized again, which is allowed by [POSIX (hyper-link)]:
A destroyed condition variable object can be reinitialized using
  pthread_cond_init(); the results of otherwise referencing the object
  after it has been destroyed are undefined.
So the only value that's returned by your function is the last cond expression; the first two tests are ignored.
You need to combine all the cases into a single COND expression.
Also, the second test should not use or.
@Barmar You are basicaly checking the L being an atom twice, the first time could be written just as
((atom L) (eq A L))
(eq A L) is returning a boolean, so you don't need to explicitely return T from that clause, which overall contradicts with your second clause ((atom L) nil).
Because waiting on a condition variable is a non-busy wait.
The thread is not given any CPU resources until the condition is signaled.
When the condition is signaled, the thread becomes eligible again, and the scheduler can once again allocate CPU resources to it.
Contrast that to the busy wait loop, while (!condition), which spins in a tight loop, continually checking the condition variable.
The reason for the loop is that the condition might be signaled, but then the lock might be taken by somebody else before this thread gets it.
So rather than a tight loop checking for the condition to be true, you have a series of relatively long non-busy waits, each followed by a single test.
See [Condition Variables (hyper-link)] for more detail.
Notice how the methods are called within the context of tf.cond.
Therefore, whatever op is created, will be within the context of tf.cond.
Create one of these and then edit the items so that each of your conditions is represented by one of the Items in the collection.
Set your value to match the cond in your datasource  and set an image to match the unique cond.
Then set the editor for your cond column to the RepositoryItemImageComboBoxEdit you created.
And set the fieldName to the proper field "cond" to complete the binding.
First let's address the initial predicate: the formatting suggests a nested if-then-else, but the parenthesis around the second body group the first true into the else branch:
The second problem here is that the use of ; is overloaded: a term of the form G1; G2 is interpreted as a disjunction only if G1 is not of the form (Cond -> Goal).
Interestingly, when we put the condition into a variable, this seems to not work anymore (on SWI 8):
Only the second query would test (true -> X=a); X=b.
Grabbing a semaphore does use a tight loop internally, just like the cond version, but it yields execution back to the scheduler in each iteration to not waste resources like a busy loop would.
The EXISTS/NOT EXISTS equivalent query is obtained by placing the NULL condition in the WHERE clause, not in the OUTER JOIN clause.
When you place the condition in the OUTER JOIN clause, you're telling Oracle to OUTER JOIN  your main table to a subset of rows from the joined table.
Since c.flh_stato is never null, the condition is redundant and we get the same result as the no-condition query:
With the condition c.flh_stato IS NULL in the join clause, we join the main table to an empty result set, thus we get one row for each row of the main table (we deduct that the main table has 6247 rows with this condition):
The condition in a filter does not have to use the value that is passed to it, but can be any expression that returns a Boolean.
Please use $in keyword instead of $eq keyword in $cond keyword
1) The physical system you are analyzing is ill-conditioned by itself (in mechanical terms, the system is pretty "loose", so its equilibrium state may vary greatly depending on just a small variation in the boundary conditions)
Consider applying different boundary conditions, for example.
In the second case, a preconditioner should be helpful; for example, the Jacobi preconditioner makes the matrix having all diagonal values equal to 1.
In this case, the iterations are more likely to converge.The condition ratio of 1e10 shouldn't represent too much trouble, provided a preconditioning is used.
if else condition is working perfectly but Auth is using session and session is starting by default in laravel 5.1 with default middlewares.
It basically just creates a form on the first condition and body.
If the condition matches then the value of the next cond$-> call will be body othervise the original value is used.
This definition is used for all builtin operators like if, unless, while, until, cond ?
Now we use a trick with CROSS APPLY: This will return a list of 1 to n as derived set, where n is the count of <condition> nodes.
This will pick the condition[1] together with m234[1] and condition[2] together with m234[2] and so on.
And second you need to use [$sum (hyper-link)] accumulator [$cond (hyper-link)]itionally to count the number of documents for the falseFeedback count
|| :-It represent OR condition so if any one of the conditions is true then it enters the loop.
&& :- It represent AND condition so if both of the conditions is true then it enters the loop.
Second output:
The $cond operator is not flow control like if-then-else, it is an expression that returns a value.
If you want to conditionally update a field based on the value of another field in the same document, you can use the pipeline form of update, assigning the field the result of the $cond expression.
That being said you can use the ["dot notation" (hyper-link)] in the if condition but you need to [prefix it with the $ sign (hyper-link)] which is missing in your first query.
Of course the $ifNull conditional operator returns the present value of the field if it exists or the replacement expression.
"dot notation" is allowed in the $cond operator.
Foreword: An important thing to understand with condition variables is that they can be subject to random, spurious wake ups.
Unfortunately there is no way to distinguish such a spurious wake up from a legitimate one, so the only solution is to have an additional resource (at the very least a boolean) so that you can tell whether the wake up condition is actually met.
This way you can use your Cond wrapper class in rather the same way as what I showed above:
Well, you'd have to make a template out of your class so that you can choose the mutex type (or write a second class altogether, yay for code duplication).
If by "condition" you mean a Condition created by ReentrantLock.newCondition(), then you can use [ReentrantLock.hasWaiters(Condition cond) (hyper-link)].
It's available from the Lock that the Condition is bound to:
If the second and third operands are glvalues of the same value category and have the same type, the result is of that type and value category and it is a bit-field if the second or the third operand is a bit-field, or if both are bit-fields.
The second and third operands are both lvalues of type std::string const, so the result is an lvalue of type std::string const.
My misunderstanding appears to have stemmed from step #3 in my "diagram": the wording I quoted regarding initialising the result ([expr.cond/7.1]) doesn't apply; it's under the "otherwise, the result is a prvalue" clause.
So, there is in fact no talk about initialisation with respect to our conditional operator expression here.
[[expr.cond/1] (hyper-link)]: [..] the result of the conditional expression is the value of the second expression, otherwise that of the third expression.
The same syntax can be applied to the question about using the $filter along with a condition.
If you want 2 = 2 < 4, change the last condition to:
all arguments for function cond are evaluated when cond is called.
The second example with the if-then-else statement evaluates only one of the cases, such that the recursion is finite.
The cond form itself isn't strictly functional: it evaluates the test clauses in strict order, and when it finds one which yields true, it skips the remaining ones.
So even without using multiple forms in a single cond clause, we can express imperative programming:
The cond form has a long history in Lisp.
In that manual, the cond which is described in fact doesn't allow multiple forms: it arguments are strict pairs.
At some point, Lisp dialects started exhibiting the multiple-forms support in cond clauses.
Curiously, though, the "cond pair" terminology refuses to die.
The intuition behind allowing (cond (test1 e1 e2 .. en)) is that if you do not provide this, the programmer will get the desired behavior anyway, at the cost of extra verbiage, as your example shows with the explicit begin: another level of parenthesis nesting accompanied by an operator symbol.
It is a backward-compatible extension to the original cond.
Allowing the extra forms doesn't change the meaning of cond expressions that were previously correct; it adds meaning to cond expressions that were previously ill-formed.
Other dialects of Lisp, such as Common Lisp and Emacs Lisp, have multiple form evaluation in their cond clauses, so not allowing it in Scheme would only reduce compatibility, adding to someone's workload when they convert code from another dialect to Scheme.
cond rewritten as:
None of your conditions evaluate to True so you never create the cond key in your dict, you are also going the wrong way about parsing, use the classes to get the data you want:
In the second segment, the break statement is only executed when i=5, so the code is stuck in the inner loop until i = 5.
In the first segment of code, the outer while loop is called multiple times because the inner loop always breaks, whereas, in the second segment of code, the outer while loop is only called once because the inner loop only breaks when i=5, which also sets the breaking condition for the outer loop.
However, there are some conditions to using it:
You can, of course, nest conds as deeply as you wish:
You just need to take care of placing the respective clauses into the correct cond.
Looking closely, you can see that all s-expressions, beginning with (= a b) up to (< a b) and (print 'a<b) are in the same group of parentheses: the one which delimits a case of the outer cond.
Then, what you want to check are multiple independent conditions.
You don't need multiple conds for that, in fact, it's a lot better to be explicit with and:
Note that I also got rid of the cond, because a cond with a single case isn't exactly good code style: Use it only when you have more than twwo branches (for two branches use if).
In your cond definition, if both x and y are true, the first clause matches, returning t, and in all other cases (i.e.
The answers to the exercise work because cond returns nil if no clause matches and if returns nil if the conditional is false and no else clause is specified.
Therefore the cond definition returns t only if both conditions are satisfied (i.e.
x is true and y is true), and the if defintion is t only if both if conditions are true, and if not nil is returned.
tf.cond takes operations as lambda functions.
The more recent versions of MySQL might figure out that materializing the subquery is not necessary -- and they might evaluate the rand() condition twice.
So isn't the interesting difference detected in terms "(Intercept)", "cond1" and "cond2"?
Notice that I built three different responses: one without any effect, one with just target==TRUE effect, and one with an effect for target==TRUE and an interaction effect with target==TRUE and the different levels of cond.
In my conditionally formatted textbox, add an Event Procedure for GotFocus.
Enabled is a property that can be controlled via conditional formatting.
By default when you add a new condition, the Enabled property is set to True.
If you don't want your control to be enabled you must explicitly set Enabled = False within the conditional formatting rule.
The property is toggled via a button in the lower right corner of the conditional formatting dialog.
Unfortunately, Access forces you to be explicit when adding conditional formatting rules and state whether the rule should make the control Enabled or Disabled.
Now, the type of the expression if (cond) A else B is the common super type of the respective types of values A and B.
On the other hand, each branch of the conditional in statement 2 evaluates to JsValue, so that is the value of the expression.
Or, for conds with long series of expressions:
If either the second or the third operand has type void, then the
  lvalue-to-rvalue (4.1), array-to-pointer (4.2), and
  function-to-pointer (4.3) standard conversions are performed on the
  second and third operands, and one of the following shall hold:
— The
  second or the third operand (but not both) is a throw-expression
  (15.1); the result is of the type of the other and is a prvalue.
— Both the second and the third operands have type
  void; the result is of type void and is a prvalue.
So from here we see that the conditional expression operator (ternary) portion is legal.
This keeps all the memory in one block instead of mallocing individual chunks for each struct condition.
This gives you the mean and sum by Speaker and cond:
Also, $ampm is always true because the condition says
The [$cond (hyper-link)] operator is a "ternary" or "if..then..else" construct.
You can combine as many logical operators as you want into the "condition" or "if" part such as [$and (hyper-link)] and [$or (hyper-link)] or anything that eventually evaluates to a true/false assertion.
It's the "then" an "else" parts that matter, and in this case you either want to present 1 as a value to the [$sum (hyper-link)] operation when the condition is true or 0 to the "sum" when the condition is false.
The [$cond (hyper-link)] aggregation operator requires all three arguments as mentioned in the MongoDB Docs.
It allows for the conditional exclusion of fields.
You can not use $cond inside a $match operator.
$match is only used to filter out documents, while using $cond you are setting/changing some value based on some condition.
$cond can be used inside a $project operation and not $match.
What this does is normalize every column in the data frame by its average for Cond=="A".
give the condition a name.
The root of the issue is that the tag [@cond (hyper-link)] only work when it is strictly at the beginning of the line.
I believe you meant to use i[j] instead of list[j] in your cond string.
EDIT: If you want to check if a variable is set or not you can use this condition.
Don't use IF or ELSE without a BEGIN END pair to define the conditional block.
See, for example, the hypothetical implementation of pthread_cond_signal and pthread_cond_wait [sketched in the specification (hyper-link)] that allows for just this condition.
The possibility of spurious wakeups is why one always associates some predicate with a condition, and checks that predicate upon wakeup.
Of course, a cond can be implemented as a series of nested ifs.
Depending on the Scheme interpreter in use, the if form might require you to always provide an "else" part for all conditions (which is why I signaled an error if n is less than 1).
Other interpreters are not as strict, and will happily allow you to write a one-armed condition:
And here's the equivalent version using cond:
cond is called a [Derived conditional (hyper-link)] in the R6RS spec and is not essential syntax, like if is.
Here's the definition of cond as defined in the R5RS spec, but it is compatible with current that is [defined with syntax-case macros (hyper-link)]:
You may use case condition for this [http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/case-statement.html (hyper-link)]
IFNULL returns the first part, unless its NULL where it returns the second part(empty string here).
You are using cond wrong.
Looking at you cond this is how it's interpreted:
