Basically, this solution combines both your solutions, it iterates over segments of size 1000 and uses your cumsum solution to process 1000 elements at once.
One possible way would to use a rolling window approach combined with cumsum().
First you calculate and store your summed area table, a complete cumsum of your first row with a 0 added in front:
And you can now create each of your "cumsum of the next n items" as cs[:n] - cs[:-n]:
cumsum can be Cumsum1 or other names to avoid having problems in the future
I would create another column named, CumSumwithGrowth
The cumsum_with_reset() function takes a column and a threshold value which resets the sum.
cumsum_with_reset_group() is similar but identifies rows that have been grouped together.
We can take advantage of the function cumsumbinning, from the package MESS, that performs this task:
Use custom lambda function with convert Series to list per groups after cumsum:
If we are looking for cumsum table, then
A cumsum is applied to each row individually for each column and are then concatenated together to build a final matrix.
We do a cumsum on each of these blocks individually and piece the final result together.
We then apply cumsum over this reshaped matrix and we then reshape it back to what you had originally.
I had to transpose the matrix first because you want to take each row of a chunk and place them into individual columns so we can perform a cumsum on each column.
We then perform cumsum on each of these columns, and then we need to reshape this back into the original shape of the input.
With this, we use reshape again on the cumsum result, but in order to get it back into the row-order that you want, we have to determine the transpose as reshape takes values in column-major order, then re-transpose that result.
For example, given the above, if you were to try to segment this matrix into 5 chunks, you would certainly get an error as the number of rows to cumsum over is not symmetric.
You can see that cumsum restarts at every second column, as we desired 6 chunks and to get 6 chunks with a matrix of 12 columns, a chunk is created at every second column.
Then apply it to Size column and save the result as cumsum column:
First groupby columns Name and Date and aggregate sum, then groupby by level Name and aggregate cumsum.
You need to exclude y2, find cumsum and concat y2 back.
Then you can sum within group and cumsum the resulting Series
Another option would be to sort then cumsum and then drop_duplicates:
It's
[Series (hyper-link)] class has a cumsum method, which preserves the nan's and is considerably faster than the solution proposed by DSM:
A looping (and less fast) alternative to cumsum is Reduce(`+`, x, accumulate = TRUE).
Note that although the above works you may run into some problems using sum and cumsum as the column names due to confusion with the functions of the same name so you might want to use Sum and Cumsum, say.
For example if you don't null out cumsum as we did above then FUN = cumsum will think that you want to apply the cumsum column which is not a function.
Use [groupby.apply (hyper-link)] and [cumsum (hyper-link)] after finding contiguous values in the groups.
Here g defines a grouping variable and then we apply cumsum separately over each group:
df %>%  group_by(animals) %>% mutate(across(all_of(vars), cumsum))
Create MultiIndex by split, then reshape by stack and create new column by groupby=+cumsum, last reshape back by unstack:
Add columns first and then use [GroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)] with df['rank'] Series:
This works for the cumsum on the GPU device.
Use [groupby.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
Then drop_duplicates on the column cumsum in case you already have the values 20-40-60... in the original dataframe (thanks to @jezrael comment), sort_values this column and reset_index.
I understand you want to [bfill (hyper-link)] the timestamps column and use [diff (hyper-link)] on the column cumsum to recalculate the column counts.
We can create a group based on the difference between adjacent elements of 'v1' and then do the cumsum
If the numbers in your array are all positive, it is probably simplest to use cumsum() and then the modulo operator:
First define a modified cumsum function:
You could use np.cumsum on the reverse-ordered arrays to compute the sum.
Here we remember that np.cumsum starts with the value in the first column (in this case last column), so to ensure zeros there, you could shift the output of this operation.
Note, that the one that utilizes np.cumsum is much faster for large arrays.
So now we separately do a groupby-cumsum, some itertools stuff for finding the keys, and combine both:
i want to start with zero instead of 2.. i want this outup : cards_plus1_cumsum 0 2 5 8 10 13
Another way would be to create a group variable and use cumsum().
1) zoo To perform a cumsum rolling forward by 2 at a time:
there are many ways like np.cumsum or python 3.2+ you can use [itertools.accumulate (hyper-link)]
Use [GroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)] with groups created by compare column by 0 with shifting [Series.shift (hyper-link)], processing first NaN and [Series.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
Why not make your own function (copied from your code, but added initialization of y[1] to make it similar to cumsum behavior):
If I understand your question, you want to linearly interpolate your cumsum(length) ~ hour for any arbitrary hour (end).
But is not possible aggregate by sum and by cumsum together:
The last element of cumsum is per definition equal to the sum.
Assuming the input shown reproducibly in the Note at the end we sort Fruits fixing the erroneous reference to Cars and then use ave with cumsum subtracting the current value of Apples from cumsum cancelling the last value in the sum.
Here's an option that builds the cumsum from scratch, adding the absolute value of a negative minimum to offset skipped numbers.
The reason you cannot simply use cumsum on data3 has to do with how your data is structured.
However cumsum is not an aggreagation function.
So unless your input DataFrame is in a format where the output can be the same size after calling cumsum, it will throw an error.
As the other answer points out, you're trying to collapse identical dates into single rows, whereas the cumsum function will return a series of the same length as the original DataFrame.
Stated differently, you actually want to group by [Bool, Dir, Date], calculate a sum in each group, THEN return a cumsum on rows grouped by [Bool, Dir].
For those looking for a simple cumsum on a Pandas group, you can use:
You can't really subset by DaysToClose because each row is then a unique subset, and so you always get cumsum of a single value.
Answer is simple - most functions aggregate data like sum, mean, but some not like cumsum, diff, ffill, bfill.
Here is possible use [Resampler.transform (hyper-link)] - it repeat resampled data, so got 100rows, for cumulative sum is not resampler implemented, so used alternative with [Grouper (hyper-link)] and [GroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
Use a combination of groupby + cumsum, and then pd.Series.where/mask to hide values based on the Credit column -
Can you just subset after taking cumsum but before which.min?
Finally, for each Country, we can take cumsum.
That's just because cumsum written in Octave is not supported for symbolic elements as indicated by the error message.
Copy this in your symbolic installation folder1 as cumsum.m and your above script will work as in matlab.
1: (in my case this was ~/.octave/symbolic-2.9.0/@sym/cumsum.m because I have set my pkg prefix as ~/.octave )
You can create a new group everytime OilChanged == 'Yes' and take cumsum of Diff value in each group.
You're close--you just need to call cumsum():
Another approach with cumsum:
Just apply cumsum on the pandas.Series df['SUM_C'] and assign it to a new column:
We can replace the NA values with 0 and use cumsum
We can arrange by 'X', create a grouping column with %/% and get the cumulative sum (cumsum) of 'X'
One option is split the array, cumsum and then combine them:
Seeing as your 'Dates' are just daily entries you can temporarily set the index to that column, call cumsum and then reset_index:
Another way is calling diff, fillna and cumsum
Here's one approach using a custom grouper and taking the cumsum along the groups:
The trick is to substitute NaN with a value that will reset cumsum to 0 at those points.
For cumsum():
Use [Series.isna (hyper-link)] with [Series.cumsum (hyper-link)] to create a grouping series s, this will be needed to group the column MSD so that we can calculate the cumsum which resets at every occurence of NaN in MSD, next use [Series.groupby (hyper-link)] to group the column MSD on s along with cumsum:
You could first find out the unique values and using sapply/lapply loop over them to conditionally calculate cumsum for each one of them.
Here is an option with table and colCumsums
dd == c(dd[[1]], dd[[1]] + cumsum(diff(dd)))
The functions are quite different: diff(x) returns a vector of length (length(x)-1) which contains the difference between one element and the next in a vector x, while cumsum(x) returns a vector of length equal to the length of x containing the sum of the elements in x
The function cumsum() is the cumulative sum and therefore the entries of the vector v[i] that it returns are a result of all elements in x between x[1] and x[i].
The combination of cumsum and diff leads to different results, depending on the order in which the functions are executed:
In none of the cases the original vector is restored, therefore it cannot be stated that cumsum() is the opposite or inverse function of diff()
This way it is possible to use diff() with c() as a representation of the inverse of cumsum()
You could add the result with data.frame to a joined data frame; the column names of the cumsums will thereby be extended with .1.
Using datatable to melt then dcast the data (effectively transposing it) then cumsum on each column, then transpose it back:
We can use rowCumsums from matrixStats
have you tried df.groupby(['Name']).cumsum() ?
Lets try groupby, cumsum()
A base R approach is to calculate cumsum over the whole vector, and capture the geometry of the sub-lists using run-length encoding.
Group on the last level of your MultiIndex and call DataFrameGroupBy.cumsum:
This changes give me all the "False", cumsum lower than a[1].
A slightly hacky way would be to identify the indices of the zeros and set the corresponding values to the negative of those indices before doing the cumsum:
Use groupby and cumsum:
Turn NaNs into a negative cumsum of previous values, then the cumsum will reset it to 0 at NaNs.
If you have NAs in a column the .cumsum() for that column should in fact be NA(or 'blank' as you say).
When you group by local.Authority & year it takes unique values and print the result as 1,-1,1 so better group by only local.Authority where cumsum works based on total values and result 1,0,1
You can use [cumsum (hyper-link)] alongside [accumarray (hyper-link)] and [hist (hyper-link)]:
or use cumsum instead of sum, I was not sure what you actually want:
Create new key to groupby, then do cumsum within each group
We multiply the 'south' with 'distance' ('cumdist') to change the values in 'distance' that corresponds to 0 in 'south' to 0, grouped by 'animal' and the group created by taking the cumulative sum of logical vector (south == 0), get the cumsum of 'cumdist', ungroup and remove the columns that are not needed (grp)
Try groupby().cumcount() on the cumsum:
Then use cumsum and cummax to create the resetting cumulative sum.
Here's a cumsum function using accumulate from the {purrr} package:
You need to use cumcount here not cumsum :)
You can use [torch.flipud (hyper-link)] to perform the cumsum in both directions:
Rather than using clip create a new list that contains only the cumsum items that are less than 1,000, and when you encounter an item that is at least 1,000 break out of the loop.
In this case we perform another groupby on the other required columns and further call group.sum().cumsum() to get the desired result.
cumsum performs something like integration, where each element of the output is the sum of all elements up to that position (including) of the input vector.
Your code doesn't work because you pass a single value into cumsum and there is no mechanism by which the previous result is saved, so you end up having only a single value, which is the last one - 5.
You don't need a loop for this, nor even cumsum - just write sum(1:5) to get the desired result.
This is not how cumsum works.
Start with a regular cumsum:
As the result of your "specialized cumsum" depends of the previous result,
you can't use the actual cumsum function.
To compute your "specialized cumsum", define the following function:
Whichever column you want to apply cumsum to you have two options:
Order descending a copy of that column by index, followed by cumsum and then order ascending by index.
Invert the row order of the DataFrame prior to grouping so that the cumsum is calculated in reverse order within each month.
You can use df.loc to access only the records without the marker, and then apply numpy.cumsum.
df.loc[(df['time_diff'] != 0), 'time_diff'] is necessary to ensure the cumsum is performed only on the records without the marker.
It's different because it's a full column plonk - meaning the vector cumsum(a) replaces the current column a (by reference).
(The address you see is the address of cumsum(a) basically).
cumsum (and .Internal, and length) are written in a way that allows reference without increment to NAMED; address() should be revised to have similar behavior (this has now been [fixed (hyper-link)])
Hmm, when I dig a little deeper I see (I guess it's obvious, in retrospect) that what actually happens is that cumsum(x) does allocate memory via an S-expression
(This seems to be 'as efficient' as data.table, which apparently also creates an S-expression for cumsum, presumably because it's calling cumsum itself!)
You can replace NA to 0 and then use cumsum :
Just ignore the NaN when doing your cumsum:
2/ I guess cumsum on groupby forcing the combine step of the split-apply-combine process of groupby to use the original index like transform.
This is just my conjecture since I don't check on the source code of groupby.cumsum yet.
3/ for your edited question 3, you do groupby the same on item, but do cumsum on Series.groupby on column days
find row where cumsum() goes above magic number 2500
on that row make vol a list which is the split to cap a cumsum() to magic number
You can use aggregate with cumsum like:
Use [Series.eq (hyper-link)] for compare for equality, convert to numbers and then use [GroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
Use [DataFrame.cumsum (hyper-link)] and [DataFrame.eq (hyper-link)]:
Alternatively, one could roll up the values by date on the side, calculate cumsum and join in the results into the original data at the end.
I can solve it using loop only but numpy.cumsum did not help me much on this problem.
Try pd.Series.groupby() after create the key by cumsum
So when last is applied to the result of cumsum', it inspects the list comprehension recursively, but only enough to track down the last entry.
You'll group consecutive rows together until you encounter a 0 in the condition column, and then you apply the cumsum within each group separately.
When you do, separate the specification of which elements of your array data you want to operate on, and the specification of the cumulative sum  The Matlab function cumsum does not take any conditions, you have to write Matlab statements to select the data you want to sum first.
Try scipy.cumsum(..., axis=0).
you can detect the block with cumsum:
Since cumsum does not seem to have an efficient na.rm=TRUE type command to calculate the value absent these rows, I needed to filter first.
If no positions are given, this will produce the same result as cumsum.
A possible explanation is that, as N increases, the overhead of appending to a growing list in dynamic_cumsum2 becomes prominent.
While cumsum_limit_nb just has to yield.
Update: Working on df4 you can get the cumsum of Prcent_daily.mortality with next code:
You can call [transform (hyper-link)] and pass the [cumsum (hyper-link)] function to add that column to your df:
With respect to your error, you can't call cumsum on a Series groupby object, secondly you're passing the name of the column as a list which is meaningless.
Do cumsum on the non-NA VALUE rows and
Replace those rows in VALUE and CUMSUM columns with the next row values
Change some of the NA values in CUMSUM to previous non-NA value
The problem is in the argument of cumsum.
So we are using cumsum on each group, where each group is defined as all the rows up to and including when the 'Correct' column value is equal to 0.
x = x_0 + cumsum(v)
Being cumsuma primitive, you can see here [https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-r-open/blob/master/source/src/main/cum.c (hyper-link)] what R it is doing under the hood.
This is not working at all: without .Data, internally, R does not know how to coerce it to numeric when doing cumsum
I guess this way cumsum will work.
This is my mock version of how to make cumsum work here:
Therefore, you can use the cumsum-function:
If you have many levels to your factor, you can get this in one line by dummy coding and then cumsuming the matrix.
There is a revcumsum function
if there are more than one group, wrap it in a list, but note that tapply in a summarising function and it can split up when we specify function like cumsum.
Subset the vector with the index, negate it to convert the value 0's to TRUE, do the cumsum and update the original vector by assigning the output back.
I know this Q/A is a bit dated, but this may help anyone stuck where I was stuck after reading the dplyr posted solution to cumsum()
at [https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/articles/window-functions.html (hyper-link)].
I would think the OP was looking for the sum of sales for Group A, Group B, and Group C with each group total added to the next -- your total n() in the OPs case should be 3 not 15 with a grouped cumsum().
Just to add to the previous answer, I think you need 'cumsum' instead of 'sum'.
cumsum(F) will do that, but it uses a poor form of numerical integration.
Your use of cumsum(cumsum(F,1),2) is again treating F as a step function, and the numerical errors resulting from that assumption only get worse as the number of dimensions of integration increases.
There is an alternative and faster solution using cumsum() and shift():
Your cumsumlim function is very fast!
After cumsum, the multiplication and offset are undone to obtain the desired result.
(CumSum_Shots = cumsum(V1), Game_ID), Name]: calculate sum per Name and keep Group_ID info.
Without a merge you could cumsum the unique values (by Name, Game and Shots), then rep it to get the correct length.
cumsum should just work, but if u need to do something that
accumulates in a different way
I think cumsum is likely the best way (as has been demonstrated well in other answers).
While cumsum does address this much more efficiently, the logic falls under Reduce:
So if you really just need column b and all of your operations are simply +, then cumsum is best for you.
If the problem was simplified/generalized a little and you need something a little more complicated that cumsum (etc) does not solve, then perhaps the premise of Reduce(.)
Use groupby and cumsum
If your objective is to compute the sum of the population as a function of increasing distance from each town (at the center of the circle), then we can (i) group by Town_From, (ii) sort each of these groups by Distance, and then (iii) compute the cumsum.
You are not storing the output of np.cumsum()
The [docstring of numpy.cumsum (hyper-link)] says:
do the groupby + prod followed by cumsum then join
Using lightweight [reshape (hyper-link)] and the necessary [cumsum (hyper-link)] -
Then, performing cumsum along rows and finally reshaping back to the size of input array.
This is the opposite of cumsum.
The only difference is that diff will not return the first element, but the first element is the same in the original and cumsum output so we just re-use that value.
It is possible sum isn't optimized for vectors of length 1 and cumsum is.
Similar code is not executed for cumsum.
is running in the same ballpark as cumsum.
IIUC,  you need to shift the cumsum:
I would use dplyr to calculate the cumsum column before sending it on to ggplot.
Finally, I'm only keeping IDs that have a max(cumsum) of 3 or more (3 not 4 since we are starting to count from 0).
Multiple values by -1 by mask created by [Series.isin (hyper-link)] and [Series.mask (hyper-link)] and last use [GroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
Another alternative is we create a dummy column (cols) which has only first value per group and rest are replaced by 0 and then we take cumsum over the entire column.
This sets all cumsums less than 10 or ones where the modulo division by 10 value is duplicated to zero:
One of the categorical columns you're grouping by might be numerical or unique for each observation so that there is no grouping going on (which is why your grouped.cumsum() gives you the same thing as df.cumsum()).
Please notice that cumsum.test has been calculated as numeric so that default value of lag and lead can used other than 0/1.
As @Ayhan said, If you want to cumsum on a specific column (like Q here) df.groupby('D')['Q'].cumsum()
Nevertheless, using dygraphs you still have the problem, that when you add cumsum as a series your plot for dyRangeSelector is changed (y maximum of all series).
Specifically, as there are as many distinct combinations of Year and JDay in your data as there are rows in DF, the subsequent cumsum operation inside mutate will simply return the same value as the input column, A.  I believe the following should give you what you're after
If you want the cumsum for each year, but show only the interval from month 5 to 10, this would be data.table code for that:
If you want the cumsum for the months 5-10 only, you would put the filter before calculating the cumsum:
Then you can get the opposite of cumsum in the same way as before.
Note that the first call to cumsum() (when decorated with @numba.njit) also does the compilation, so to be fair you should not time this first call.
The second (and third and ...) call to cumsum() will be fast.
We can use <= on the cumsum output
Similarly to base Rs cumsum, this works for both integers and floats and doesn't handles NAs.
The default value for the treshhold was set to 0 - which is not ideal if you want to limit a negative cumsum, but I couldn't think of any better value for now (you can decide on one by yourself).
Any of these can be wrapped in cumsum()
or if you want to show Lag with an NA but have 0 in cumsum:
There is no need to transpose your DataFrame; just use the axis=1 argument to cumsum.
Yes, the formula you give, array.cumsum(0).cumsum(1).cumsum(2), will work.
Also, the above could be sped up using an output array, eg, cumsum(n, out=temp) as otherwise three arrays will be created for this calculation.
Pick out elements of cumsum_by_shift where accidents occur:
We need use shift with cumsum create the subgroup key , then we do cumsum and cumcount.
You can use .eq('X').cumsum() to identify the group starting with X, which you can use in groupby together with 'ID':
I was surprised to learn a few things from this exercise:
1. cumsum doesn't have a na.rm argument
2. sum(NA, na.rm=TRUE) equals 0
You can use shift with fillna to start your cumsum from 0:
However, if we do an order on 'grp' and then create the new group with cumsum, the adjacent elements are different, thus there are more than one element per group
Use lambda function with [Series.shift (hyper-link)] and [Series.cumsum (hyper-link)] in [GroupBy.transform (hyper-link)] or [GroupBy.apply (hyper-link)]:
Another option is to use diff with cumsum on the logical vector
We can remove the first element, get the cumsum of the rest and concatenate with 0 inside the FUN of ave
Or create a logical index with row_number(), multiply by 'bbb' to get the first value 0 (as FALSE is 0 and TRUE is 1) before doing the cumsum
This could be a way, using [apply and sot_values (hyper-link)], to sort each group, and then assign to get the cumsum:
Sort in advance, then group and compute the cumsum.
You can do groupby.cumsum:
Update: To extract the corresponding rows, you can use groupby.apply(...cumsum..) which allows you to do more customized operations:
The parameter g passed to lambda expression is a sub data frame with unique storeid + Year-Month(group variable), for each data frame calculate Amount cumsum, and filter out rows where the cumsum >= target and take the first row with head(1).
First, df_a.cumsum() defaults to axis=0 (Pandas has no concept of summing the whole DataFrame in one call), while the NumPy call defaults to axis=None.
df_a.cumsum(): 186 function calls, .022 seconds.
0.013 of that is spent on numpy.ndarray.cumsum().
(My guess is that if there are no NaNs, then nancumsum() isn't needed, but please don't quote me on that).
val.cumsum(axis=0): 5 function calls, 0.020 seconds.
np.cumsum(df_a, axis=0): 204 function calls, 0.026 seconds.
In other words, in this case the time of all three calls is dominated by np.ndarray.cumsum(), and the ancillary Pandas calls don't eat up much time.
One last detail: within NumPy, you can [avoid a tiny bit of overhead (hyper-link)] by calling the instance method ndarray.cumsum() rather than the top-level function np.cumsum(), because the latter just ends up [routing (hyper-link)] to the former.
You were using sum and not cumsum in a groupby context.
Using diff and cumsum, as in your R example:
Fiddling with cumsum and reshape can get you there:
if cumsum(A) within the group is less or equal 7  then Ans is the cumsum() of lagged B
if cumsum(A) within the group is greater 7  then Ans is lagged B
I have converted the loop into a sapply call (which effectively loops over x), then applied cumsum on the columns of the resulting matrix:
Else, just set the cumsum of the grouped values.
IIUC, then you can just set the material column to the index, then do your cumsum, and put it back in at the end:
An alternative would be to do your cumsum on all but the first column:
You want to calculate the percentage for each group and then take the cumsum.
In your original code df.groupby('box').target.cumsum() will take the cumsum of each group - so you will have one element for each of the elements in the grouped DataFrame.
Instead you want to get one summary statistic for each group and then take the cumsum across these statistics.
a.cumsum() + b will do it.
You want to perform a cumsum for selected months across multiple years.
Then do columnwise cumsum.
Either dplyr::summarize, or lapply, or colwise(cumsum)(col-of-interest)
I presume you want all the cumsums in a new row 'Cumsum' at the bottom of this dataframe?
Or if it isn't a dataframe, make your life easy and make it a dataframe so you can add a bottom row with a rowname 'Cumsum'.
Then we do cumsum for G, is to getting where is the cycle we should set the number to 0
df = temp_series.reset_index().rename(columns={0: 'cumsum'})
df = df.groupby('A').apply(lambda x: [[a,b] for a, b in zip(x['B'], x['C'])]).reset_index().rename(columns={0: 'cumsum'})
First, I find all occurences of 0 (positions to split the lists), then I calculate cumsum of the resulting sublists and insert them into a new dict.
You can create an ad-hoc index to identify continuous sequences of Rbin values, then use groupby and cumsum on those sequences and set to np.nan values of the cumulative sum where Rbin is zero.
You can set groups on consecutive 0 or 1 by checking whether the value of on is equal to that of previous row by [.shift() (hyper-link)] and get group number by [.Series.cumsum() (hyper-link)].
Then for each group use [.Groupby.cumsum() (hyper-link)] to get the value within group.
Let us try cumcount + cumsum
As the user "etienne" mentioned previously,  CancCheck[,3]<- cumsum(CancCheck[,2]) is the correct way to take the cumulative sum for a vector, and thus I achieved the desired output with the final code:
It uses ave (which requires the FUN argument to be named) and does the cumsum operation twice, the first application is to create a grouping vector, and the second application creates the sequence.
to reset cumsum.
You can split based on the prefix of every column name and apply the cumsum there, i.e.
We can first separate columns which end with "prod" and "stop", then use mapply and ave to cumsum for each group and create new columns.
You can do [groupby (hyper-link)] 'simulation' & then [cumsum (hyper-link)] the 'success'.
You can first use groupby and apply the cumsum afterwards.
And finally use transform with cumsum:
df.val.ne(df.val.shift()).cumsum() evaluates if values changes every row , and groups same values into a single group.
Thus, x[::-1].cumsum()[::-1] also seems to be the most efficient way to do your reverse cumsum.
2nd EDIT:
For completeness, if you have a multi-dimensional array, you can get the reverse cumsum along the innermost dimension via:
Idea is select only necessary columns, split by _ for MultiIndex, reshape by [DataFrame.stack (hyper-link)], so possible use cumsum per both columns together:
Use cumsum to calculate a group variable to identify the pattern (since last paid) and then calculate the cumsum of n_items for each id and unpaid period:
ok it is clear from this  ,that at 13  it was  400,at 14 it was  600,at 15 it was 1000,now  you can check  in matlab program    using if that if  cumsum(array)>800,break;also please  save indexes  and you cna easily find then it:
EDITED :
Presumably you already know about the cumsum function so, have you not tried?
Do the calculation (cumsum(value1) + cumsum(shift(value2, fill = 0)) and remove the first value ([-1]).
This i=1 is usually seen placed outside (prior to) the for loop in prediction functions such as this one, in case we could not make use of a cumsum().
I.e., without having cumsum, we'd evaluate the i=1 expression prior to the loop with a form like
Finally note that sum(x[1:k] is equivalent to element k+1 in the c(0,cumsum(x)).
Function cumsum as applied for output of aggregation - here one column DataFrame, so is necessary chain it after agg:
Use [numpy.where (hyper-link)] with [DataFrameGroupBy.cumsum (hyper-link)]:
