MUL
The third possibility, MUL, (which you asked about) is basically an index that is neither a primary key nor a unique key.
The name comes from "multiple" because multiple occurrences of the same value are allowed.
If Key is MUL, the column is the first column of a nonunique index in which multiple occurrences of a given value are permitted within the column.
If more than one of the Key values applies to a given column of a table, Key displays the one with the highest priority, in the order PRI, UNI, MUL.
If Key is PRI, the column is a PRIMARY KEY or is one of the columns in a multiple-column PRIMARY KEY.
(A UNIQUE index permits multiple NULL values, but you can tell whether the column permits NULL by checking the Null field.)
If Key is MUL, the column is the first column of a nonunique index in which multiple occurrences of a given value are permitted within the column.
Control group, this example has neither PRI, MUL, nor UNI:
A table with one column and an index on the one column has a MUL:
A table with an index covering foo and bar has MUL only on foo:
A table with two separate indexes on two columns has MUL for each one
A table with an Index spanning three columns has MUL on the first:
A table with a foreign key that references another table's primary key is MUL
For Mul, this was also helpful documentation to me - [http://grokbase.com/t/mysql/mysql/9987k2ew41/key-field-mul-newbie-question (hyper-link)]
"MUL means that the key allows multiple rows to have the same value.
It would make sense then for the Comment table to have a MUL key(Post id) because many comments can be attributed to the same Post.
A table can have multiple UNIQUE key.
MUL: For MULTIPLE:
A table can have more than one MULTIPLE key.
If we do not specify MUL column type then it is quite like a normal
column but can allow null entries too hence; to restrict such entries
we need to specify it.
If we add indexes on column or add foreign key then automatically MUL
key type added.
It looks similar like primary key but a table can have multiple unique keys and unique key can have one null value, on the other hand table can have only one primary key and can't store null as a primary key.
MUL - It's doesn't have unique constraint and table can have multiple MUL columns.
Oops, looking at the assembly code it seems that icc not only vectorized the multiplication, but also pulled the additions out of the loop.
The key thing to note here is the massive amount of manual loop-unrolling as well as interleaving of multiplies and adds...
In order to achieve peak FLOPS on Intel Haswell and AMD Bulldozer processors (and later), FMA (Fused Multiply Add) instructions will be needed.
The latency of multiplication is 5 cycles, so it's just enough to avoid latency stalls.
My processor temps hit 76C on the multi-threaded run!
See:
[https://www.felixcloutier.com/x86/mul (hyper-link)]
Multiplication of two 32-bit values can yield a 64-bit result.
The result of MUL is stored in EDX:EAX.
The description of MUL r/m32 (r/m32 refers to ECX in this case) is:
So EAX is multiplied by ECX to form a 64-bit product which is stored in EDX:EAX (i.e.
add is faster than mul, but if you want to multiply two general values, mul is far faster than any loop iterating add operations.
You can't seriously use add to make that code go faster than it will with mul.
If you needed to multiply by some small constant value (such as 2), then maybe you could use add to speed things up.
Mul instruction always take more clock cycle's then add operation,but if you execute the same add instruction in a loop then the overall clock cycle to do multiplication using add instruction will be way more then the single mul instruction.
You can have a look on the following URL which talks about the clock cycle of single add/mul instruction.So that way you can do your math,which one will be faster.
[http://home.comcast.net/~fbui/intel_m.html#mul (hyper-link)]
My recommendation is to use mul instruction rather then putting add in loop,the later one is very inefficient solution.
I'd have to echo the responses you have already - for a general multiply you're best off using MUL - after all it's what it's there for!
In some specific cases, where you know you'll be wanting to multiply by a specific fixed value each time (for example, in working out a pixel index in a bitmap) then you can consider breaking the multiply down into a (small) handful of SHLs and ADDs - e.g.
Unless your multiplications are fairly simplistic, the add most likely won't outperform a mul.
Having said that, you can use add to do multiplications:
They were certainly necessary in the days before fancy multiplication instructions.
You can even multiply by non-powers by simply storing interim results:
But I'm not sure my "solution" is really applicable to your situation since you have an arbitrary multiplicand.
If you really want to see some more general purpose assembler for using add to do multiplication, here's a routine that will take two unsigned values in ax and bx and return the product in ax.
It relies on the fact that 123 multiplied by 456 is identical to:
which is the same way you were taught multiplication back in grade/primary school.
It's easier with binary since you're only ever multiplying by zero or one (in other words, either adding or not adding).
If you are multiplying two values that you don't know in advance, it is effectively impossible to beat the multiply instruction in x86 assembler.
If you know the value of one of the operands in advance, you may be able beat the multiply instruction by using a small number of adds.
To multiply an unknown value x by a known value consisting 2^p+2^q+...2^r you simply add x*2^p+x*2^q+..x*2*r if bits p,q, ... and r are set.
Multiply typically takes
10 or fewer clocks on modern CPUs, and if this sequence gets longer than that in time
you might as well do a multiply.
To multiply by 9:
This beats multiply; should only take 2 clocks.
What is less well known is the use of the LEA (load effective address) instruction,
to accomplish fast multiply-by-small-constant.
LEA is essentially "add two values with small constant multipliers".
Using it, you can accomplish a multiply by 9 using a single instruction:
Using LEA carefully, you can multiply by a variety of peculiar constants in a small number of cycles:
To do this, you have to decompose your constant multiplier into various factors/sums involving
1,2,3,4,5,8 and 9.
If you allow the use other typically single-clock instructions (e.g, SHL/SUB/NEG/MOV) 
you can multiply by some constant values that pure LEA can't
do as efficiently by itself.
To multiply by 31:
This is only useful if the clock count is smaller than the integer multiply for your particular CPU
(I use 5 clocks as rule of thumb), and it doesn't use up all the registers, or
at least it doesn't use up registers that are already busy (avoiding any spills).
A clever person would possibly cache the answer so it doesn't
have to be recomputed each time multiplying the same constant occurs; I didn't actually do that because
the time to generate such sequences is less than you'd expect.
Its is mildly interesting to print out the sequences of instructions needed to multiply by all constants
from 1 to 10000.
As a consequence, the PARLANSE compiler hardly ever uses an actual multiply when indexing even the nastiest
arrays of nested structures.
So, when a MUL instruction, other than one that multiplies two registers, is executed, it just takes its operands from wherever they are, put them in internal (not available for the programmer) registers, and perform the operation.
[The description (hyper-link)] for MUL r/m32 is Unsigned multiply (EDX:EAX <- EAX * r/m32)..
In this case mul is returning a function which in case returns an array.
PMULLD and PADDD seems like relevant instructions.
If it does, and you're accumulating onto it, then stop reading now.
If it doesn't (ie you're always accumulating onto zeros), and assuming you're invoking this function on arrays significantly larger than cache sizes, then I'd be looking for a way to eliminate the need to read from r and to convert the "save result" MOV to a MOVNT (_mm_stream_ps in intrinsics).
MUL always multiplies by AL, AX or EAX ([more details (hyper-link)]), so you should specify only the other operand.
There are only 3 forms of [MUL (hyper-link)]:
Performs an unsigned multiplication of the first operand (destination operand) and the second operand (source operand) and stores the result in the destination operand.
So, MUL EAX,EDX is indeed an invalid assembly instruction.
If you compile this code in Delphi and use the debugger to look at the generated assembly, you would see that the call to Mul(10,20) generates the following assembly code:
It knows how to multiple two LongWord values together:
Though Delphi does use IMUL instead of MUL in this case.
By configuring those two options, it is possible to get Mul() to generate a single IMUL EDX instruction (plus the RET instruction, of course).
If you don't want to change the options project-wide, you can isolate them to just Mul() by using the {$STACKFRAMES OFF}/{$W-} and {$OPTIMIZATION ON}/{$O+} compiler instructions.
MUL
EDIT: Fixed MUL to work with signed integers
My intuition tells me that the compiler chose IMUL arbitrarily (or whichever was faster of the two) since the bits will be the same whether it uses unsigned MUL or signed IMUL.
Any 32-bit integer multiplication will be 64-bits spanning two registers, EDX:EAX.
Using IMUL will sign-extend into EDX as necessary but again, we don't care since we're only interested in the 32-bit result.
According to [http://gmplib.org/~tege/x86-timing.pdf (hyper-link)], the IMUL instruction has a lower latency and higher throughput (if I'm reading the table correctly).
Perhaps VS is simply using the faster instruction (that's assuming that IMUL and MUL always produce the same output).
I also always get some variation of IMUL.
imul (signed) and mul (unsigned) both have a one-operand form that does edx:eax = eax * src.
a 32x32b => 64b full multiply (or 64x64b => 128b).
[186 added an imul dest(reg), src(reg/mem), immediate (hyper-link)] form, and 386 added an imul r32, r/m32 form, both of which which only compute the lower half of the result.
When multiplying two 32-bit values, the least significant 32 bits of the result are the same, whether you consider the values to be signed or unsigned.
In other words, the difference between a signed and an unsigned multiply becomes apparent only if you look at the "upper" half of the result, which one-operand imul/mul puts in edx and two or three operand imul puts nowhere.
Thus, the multi-operand forms of imul can be used on signed and unsigned values, and there was no need for Intel to add new forms of mul as well.
(They could have made multi-operand mul a synonym for imul, but that would make disassembly output not match the source.)
If you multiply two int together, you get an int, not a long long: the "upper half" is not retained.
Hence, the C compiler only needs what imul provides, and since imul is easier to use than mul, the C compiler uses imul to avoid needing mov instructions to get data into / out of eax.
As a second step, since C compilers use the multiple-operand form of imul a lot, Intel and AMD invest effort into making it as fast as possible.
This makes imul even more attractive.
The one-operand form of mul/imul is useful when implementing big number arithmetic.
In C, in 32-bit mode, you should get some mul invocations by multiplying unsigned long long values together.
But, depending on the compiler and OS, those mul opcodes may be hidden in some dedicated function, so you will not necessarily see them.
In 64-bit mode, long long has only 64 bits, not 128, and the compiler will simply use imul.
There's three different types of multiply instructions on x86.
The first is MUL reg, which does an unsigned multiply of EAX by reg and puts the (64-bit) result into EDX:EAX.
The second is IMUL reg, which does the same with a signed multiply.
The third type is either IMUL reg1, reg2 (multiplies reg1 with reg2 and stores the 32-bit result into reg1) or IMUL reg1, reg2, imm (multiplies reg2 by imm and stores the 32-bit result into reg1).
Since in C, multiplies of two 32-bit values produce 32-bit results, compilers normally use the third type (signedness doesn't matter, the low 32 bits agree between signed and unsigned 32x32 multiplies).
VC++ will generate the "long multiply" versions of MUL/IMUL if you actually use the full 64-bit results, e.g.
The 2-operand (and 3-operand) versions of IMUL are faster than the one-operand versions simply because they don't produce a full 64-bit result.
Wide multipliers are large and slow; it's much easier to build a smaller multiplier and synthesize long multiplies using Microcode if necessary.
Also, MUL/IMUL writes two registers, which again is usually resolved by breaking it into multiple instructions internally - it's much easier for the instruction reordering hardware to keep track of two dependent instructions that each write one register (most x86 instructions look like that internally) than it is to keep track of one instruction that writes two.
Right after I looked at this question I found MULQ in my generated code when dividing.
Notice the MUL instruction 5 lines down.
This generated code is extremely unintuitive, I know, in fact it looks nothing like the compiled code but DIV is extremely slow ~25 cycles for a 32 bit div, and ~75 according to this [chart (hyper-link)]  on modern PCs compared with MUL or IMUL (around 3 or 4 cycles) and so it makes sense to try to get rid of DIV even if you have to add all sorts of extra instructions.
I don't fully understand the optimization here, but if you would like to see a rational and a mathematical explanation of using compile time and multiplication to divide constants, see this [paper (hyper-link)].
This is an example of is the compiler making use of the performance and capability of the full 64 by 64 bit untruncated multiply without showing the c++ coder any sign of it.
As already explained C/C++ does not do word*word to double-word operations which is what the mul instruction is best for.
GCC, Clang, and ICC provide provide a builtin type __int128 which you can use to indirectly get the mul instruction.
With MSVC it provides the [_umul128 (hyper-link)] intrinsic (since at least VS 2010) which generates the mul instruction.
Because of the way that matrix multiplication works, if the matrix is column-major then you must post multiply by a column vector to get the correct result.
If the matrix is row-major you must pre multiply by a row vector.
So really, hlsl doesn't care whether your matrix is row or column major, it is up to you to apply the vector multiplication in the correct order to get the correct result.
They have nothing to do with the order of multiplication of matrices and vectors.
In fact, the D3D9 HLSL mul call interprets matrix arguments as column-major in all cases.
The ID3DXBaseEffect::SetMatrix() call interprets its matrix argument as row-major, and transposes behind the scenes to mul's expected column-major order.
However, some other languages, like FORTRAN, use column-major storage for their multidimensional arrays by default; and OpenGL also uses column-major storage.
This has nothing at all to do with the memory layout of matrices, but it affects how you build your matrices, and the order of multiplication.
If you use row vectors, you'll do vector-matrix multiplication:
and if you use column vectors, then you'll do matrix-vector multiplication:
This is because in row-vector math, a vector is really a 1×n matrix (a single row), and in column-vector math it's an n×1 matrix (a single column), and the rule about what sizes of matrices are allowed to be multiplied together determines the order.
(You can't multiply a 4×4 matrix by a 1×4 matrix, but you can multiply a 4×4 matrix with a 4×1 one.)
When you pass a vector to HLSL's mul, it automatically interprets it "correctly" according to which argument it is.
A matrix is a matrix, regardless of whether it's being multiplied with a row vector on the left or a column vector on the right.
And it turns out that for some reason, in D3D9 HLSL, mul always expects matrices to be stored in column-major order.
It does a transpose behind the scenes to prepare the matrix for use with mul.
Almost all instructions have multiple encodings.
MUL [1234H] is ambiguous.
MASM keeps track of symbol declarations, because it thinks assembly language should have "variables", so mul [byte_var] in MASM would probably assemble to the mul m8 form.
Yes, at a significant performance cost (since multiplication & division are defined in terms of multiple adds & subtractions, respectively) as you'll need whole routines to do what these "missing" instructions do.
Sign-extend your 16 bit register into a 32 bit register, then use your signed 32bit x 32bit multiply.
It's a whole lot easier when you realize you're multiplying a single digit number by a two digit number all in base 65536 (2**16).
The multiply operates in 32-bit.
Here is 32*32 MUL.
See if you can get the equivalent of [__emul or __emulu (hyper-link)] for your compiler(or just use this if you've got an MS compiler).
though 64bit multiply should automatically work unless your sitting behind some restriction or other funny problem(like _aulmul)
You mean to multiply two 32 bit quantities to obtain a 64 bit result?
Or you cast before to uint64_t but then you loose the advantage of that special (and fast) multiply.
Which uses the mul instruction (called mull here for multiply long, which is how the gnu assembler for x86 likes it) in the way that you want.
If you inlined the function or just did the math in it in your code it would most likely result in using the mul instruction in many cases, though optimizing compilers may also replace some multiplications with simpler code if they can tell that it would work (for instance it could turn this into a shift or even a constant if the one or more of the arguments were known).
Even if the compiler had to use code that produced a 64 bit result when multiplying 32 bit values, it may have not considered the top half of it to be important because according to the rules of C operations usually result in a value with the same type as the value with the largest range out of its components (except you can sometimes argue that is not really exactly what it does).
you cannot multiply two N-bit values and obtain a 2N-bit value as the result.
Semantics of C multiplication is different from that of your machine multiplication.
In C the multiplication operator is always applied to values of the same type T (so called usual arithmetic conversions take care of that) and produces the result of the same type T.
If you run into overflow on multiplication, you have to use a bigger type for the operands.
you have no other choice but to use library-level implementation of large multiplication).
For example, if the largest integer type of your platform is a 64-bit type, then at assembly level on your machine you have access to mul operation producing the correct 128-bit result.
At the language level you have no access to such multiplication.
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiplication_ALU (hyper-link)] on Wikipedia lists different methods for doing multiplication in a digital circuit.
When I worked on a project to add SIMD instructions to an DEC Alpha-like processor in Verilog back in college, we implemented a [Wallace tree multiplier (hyper-link)], the primary reason being it ran in a fixed number of cycles and was easy to pipeline.
[Apparently (hyper-link)], [Dadda multipliers (hyper-link)] are (nearly?)
Like Wallace multipliers, it can also be pipelined with fixed latency.
EDIT: You mentioned using the other bit fiddling instructions, on modern processors multiplication would not be microcoded like this; it'd be way to slow and the processor would get slaughtered in benchmarks.
[This page (hyper-link)] shows the logic gates for a 4 * 4 combinational multipler.
[Here is somebody's lab (hyper-link)] where they describe building a 16 bit multiplier from 4 4 bit multipliers, each built with AND gates and full adders.
Full design, chip layout, and simulation waveforms.
To multiply a variable for a constant, you can, when it is convenient, decompose the constant into powers of 2; for example AX = AX * 320, 320 = 2 ^ 8 + 2 ^ 6.
If you want to multiply for a negative constant, you can apply same method but you must negate input before.
As said by Fifoernik, if you want to multiply a 16 bit register for a constant, you may need up to 32 bit result (furthermore you can have negative input-number); all the routines I've written are successfully tested and they are about three time more fast than IMUL (8086 assembly guides of Peter Norton):
Example A;  multiply AX for 41:
Example B;  multiply AX for -41:
Example 1B;  multiply AX for 320:
Example 2B;  multiply AX for 200:
Example 3B;  multiply AX for 100:
Example 1; multiply AX for 320:
Example 2; multiply AX for 200:
Example 3; multiply AX for 100:
So an 8*8=16 widening multiply (that is, with 8-bit inputs and a 16-bit result) could fit its result in a single register.
But the 16*16=32 widening multiply could not fit its result in a single register, because there were no 32-bit registers.
Likewise, the 386 had 32-bit registers (EAX, EBX, ...), so its 32*32=64 widening multiply had to have its result split.
Intel could at this point have added a new version of the 16*16=32 MUL which left its result in a single 32-bit register such as EAX, but they chose not to, perhaps for compatibility or to avoid unnecessary extra complexity, or from simple inertia.
So the 386's 16*16=32 MUL still leaves its result split across DX:AX, even in 32-bit mode.
(They did, however, add a non-widening 32*32=32 form of the signed multiply IMUL instruction, which leaves its result in a single 32-bit register.
One can use this for signed 16*16=32 multiplication by sign-extending the inputs, for which the convenient MOVSX was also added.
And it can be used for 16*16=32 unsigned multiply, by zero-extending the inputs, if one knows that the product will be less than 2^31.)
For the existing multiplication instructions, they kept the behavior the same (so 32*32=64 still splits its result across EDX:EAX instead of using a single 64-bit register), and they added a 64*64=128 widening multiply which, again, must split its result, and leaves it in RDX:RAX.
And there is also a non-widening 64*64=64 signed IMUL which leaves its result in a single 64-bit register.
One solution was to extend the portion of the bytecode that specifies the operation (multiplication in this case) into the portion of the bytecode that encoded the first operand.
This obviously meant that only one operand could by supported when executing the MUL opcode.
Because a multiplication requires two operands, they solved the problem by hard coding into the processor that the first operand would always be the eax register.
Later processors supported bytecodes that were of multiple lengths wich allowed them to encode more data into a single command.
This allowed them to make the IMUL opcode much more useful.
Three-operand imul, as well as two-operand forms with an immediate operand (which is an alias to the three-operand form) were introduced with the 186 instruction set.
All of these new forms have in common that the multiplication is done either with 16 bits times 16 bits (possibly from sign-extended 8-bit immediate) with a 16 bit result, or 32 bits times 32 bits with a 32 bit result.
In these cases, the low 16 or low 32 bits of the result is the same for imul as they would be for an equivalent mul, only the flags (CF and OF) may differ.
So a separate multi-operand mul isn't needed.
Presumably the designers went with the mnemonic imul because the forms with an 8 bit immediate do sign-extend that immediate.
MUL of 16-bit values gives a 32-bit result, so the CPU splits the 32-bit result into two 16-bit registers, like dx2 = (ax1 * dx1) >> 16 and ax2 = (ax1 * dx1) & 0xFFFF.
With this in mind (using different registers so that the value you need later for the divisor isn't overwritten by the results of the multiplication):
tf.mul, tf.sub and tf.neg are deprecated in favor of tf.multiply, tf.subtract and tf.negative.
You'll need to replace tf.mul with tf.multiply.
tf.mul, tf.sub and tf.neg are deprecated in favor of tf.multiply,
  tf.subtract and tf.negative
In python-3 use tf.multiply instead of tf.mul.
The Commands for tf.multiply, if we want to migrate from Tensorflow 1.x to 2.x are shown below:
tf.compat.v1.math.multiply, tf.compat.v1.multiply, tf.compat.v2.math.multiply, tf.compat.v2.multiply
It is possible to have multiple field operators ($inc, $mul, etc) in the same update operation.
However, you cannot perform multiple modifications on the same field (of the document), in a single update operation.
Output from multiple runs:
Consider what happens after the first mul instruction:  rax is set to the low part of the product, and rdx is set to the high part of the product.
That means that after the first mul, rdx has changed!
So in order to fix this, you'll have to preserve rdx across the multiplication in another register.
2 options if the MUL should be unique and another if uniqueness isn't required.
mul ebx is 32 bit, hence you get 64 bit output in edx:eax where edx may be zero.
As Peter Cordes pointed out, if you know you won't need the top half of the result, "you can and should use the 2-operand or 3-operand immediate form of IMUL".
The unsigned multiply ([MUL (hyper-link)] instruction) will always sign-extend (well, zero-extend, since it's unsigned) into EDX when it is passed an r/m32-sized operand, regardless of whether or not EDX would contain anything but zeroes.
This applies to the signed variant, [IMUL (hyper-link)], as well, though in that case EDX might  contain nothing but FF bytes if the result was negative.
The MUL and IMUL instructions always generate output that is twice the width of the inputs.
A 32-bit multiply by zero will (slowly) set EDX:EAX to all zeros.
So, for example, one should not write mul r1,r1,r2, but mul r1,r2,r1 would be ok.
This notion, along with the operand restriction [Michael mentions (hyper-link)], is a result of the early ARM cores using [Booth's algorithm (hyper-link)] to implement the multiplier.
The very early ones used the destination register directly as the working register, hence you'd end up with a nonsense result if that destroyed one of your input operands in the process - later cores with better multipliers (ARM7TDMI onwards, I think) kept the workings internal to the multiplier unit and only wrote back to the registers at the end, hence that particular restriction was eventually lifted entirely in the ARMv6 architecture.
In practice what that means is that, on a suitably ancient core, the number of cycles needed for the operation MUL Rd, Rm, Rs might [depend on how many non-sign bits Rs has (hyper-link)], but on ARMv5 and later designs you almost certainly assume a fast fixed-time multiplier where it makes no difference whatsoever.
And you had echo "MOD is $mul":
This decision probably comes from the fact that embedding immediates in multiplication instructions is not particularly interesting; if the multiplier is known, mul is often a bad choice, as there are generally faster sequences of add/shift/sub.
Also, the cost of a multiplication instruction may be such that the gain in latency obtained from having the immediate straight in the instruction does not justify "stealing" a slot of the 16 available in the encoding for data processing instructions.
MUL keys are simply non-unique indexes (other index types are PRI for Primary Key and UNI for Unique, which are both unique indexes.
A MUL key simply means that the key is part of an index (well, a non-unique index) in MySQL.
In this case MUL means: non-unique index.
Is it necessary to replicate MUL keys within PostgreSQL
How do you create a MUL key in PostgreSQL
You can include multiple columns in the index, separated by commas.
mov is a mnemonic for move, while mul is a mnemonic for multiply.
The mul instruction is a little bit strange because some of its operands are implicit.
For the mul instruction, the destination operand is hard-coded as the ax register.
Therefore, you could imagine that mul cx means mul ax, cx, but you don't write it that way because the ax destination register is implicit.
Now, a mul instruction commands the processor to multiply the destination operand by the source operand, and store the result in the destination.
In code, you can imagine that mul cx would translate into ax = ax * cx.
And now you should see the problem: you have not initialized the contents of the ax register, so you are multiplying 10 (which is the value you placed in cx) by whatever garbage was left in ax.
Because multiplying two 16-bit values may result in a value that is larger than 16 bits!
Returning the full multiply result in a pair of 16-bit registers allows the mul instruction to return a 32-bit result.
(But remember that 16-bit mul overwrites dx whether you want it or not.
On 386 and later you can use imul ax, cx to really do ax *= cx without wasting time writing dx.)
And while I'm sure that this is just a toy example, there is really no reason to write code that multiplies two constants together.
This can be done at build time, either using a calculator and hard-coding the value, or writing out the multiplication of the constants symbolically and letting your assembler do the computation.
For example, the mul documentation can be found [here (hyper-link)], as well as several other sites.
but for some reason i do not see the registers change when the MUL function is marked.
If you understood my explanation above, after a mul instruction, you should see the contents of the ax and dx registers change.
(Intel's instruction reference manual [entry for mul (hyper-link)] doesn't list any other effects on the architectural state of the machine.)
The mul instruction has 2 operands: one is specified and the other one is implicit.
When you write mul cx it means something like: ax = ax * cx.
The answer of your question, if you really want to multiply 5 with 10, you can do something like this:
Footnote 1: 186 allows imul dst, src, constant like imul ax, cx, 5, allowing any registers with no implicit use of AX or DX.
386 allows imul reg,reg non-widening multiply with no implicit registers.
[https://www.felixcloutier.com/x86/imul (hyper-link)] covers both forms.
Of course if you can use 386 features, you'd use lea instead of imul to multiply by 3, 5, or 9, using 32-bit addressing modes that allow a scaled index (i.e.
This option is obsolete, since all MIPS architecture specifications since MIPS1 require an integer multiplier.
Or you could write a handler for the illegal instruction trap that implements soft multiplication.
-mno-mad
      Enable (disable) use of the mad, madu and mul instructions, as provided by the R4650 ISA.
When you create a non-unique index, describe command shows it as "MUL" .
As you can see by looking at a guide to the x86 instruction set ([here (hyper-link)] or [here (hyper-link)]), the mul and imul instructions have been supported since the 8086.
Therefore, if Emu8086 actually emulates the Intel 8086, then it should emulate both of these instructions, too.
MUL is for unsigned multiplication, and comes in two forms on the 8086: the 16-bit version and the 8-bit version:
MUL r16|m16   ⇔   dx:ax = ax * r16|m16
MUL r8|m8   ⇔   ax = al * r8|m8
IMUL comes in the same two versions, but treats the values as signed.
Regarding your workaround/emulation of movzx, it would be better to use:
Use your existing code to multiply these two numbers...
Now increase the first number by 1, and do the multiplication again; i.e.,
CPUs without a multiply instruction can generally do it with repeated addition but that becomes extremely difficult without loops.
Of course, then you could just have an paxmul instruction that does multiplication for you - not technically a mul but no doubt against the spirit of the question.
The following code will multiply the contents of the registers ecx and edx and store the result in register eax.
Doing a multiplication without conditional jump instructions is a bit more difficult but not impossible; the following example does so (Input: ecx and edx, output eax, the content of all registers used will be destroyed):
Is it possible to calculate result of multiplication without using instructions MUL, IMUL, SHL, SHR, LOOP, JMP in x86 assembly language?
Without MUL the normal approach is "SHIFT LEFT and TEST and ADD" in a loop, like this:
Once you have unsigned multiplication, IMUL can be replaced with branches that convert the values to positive and uses unsigned multiplication.
Modern x86 CPUs have very faster multipliers, making it usually only worth it to use shift/add or LEA when you can get the job done in 2 uops or fewer.
div / idiv are still slow, but multiply isn't in modern CPUs that throw enough transistors at the problem.
(Multiply by adding partial products parallelizes nicely in HW, division is inherently serial.)
imul eax, ebx, 41 has 3 cycle latency, 1 per clock throughput, on modern Intel CPUs, and Ryzen ([https://agner.org/optimize/ (hyper-link)]), and is supported on 186 and later.
(The 16-bit form imul ax, bx, 41 is 2 uops instead of 1, with 4 cycle latency on Sandybridge-family CPUs.
This is your best bet for older CPUs where imul or mul take more uops, and if latency is more important than uop count on modern CPUs.
The single argument form of mul will multiply the argument with al/ax/eax/rax depending on the operand size and store the result in ax/dx:ax/edx:eax/rdx:rax accordingly.
mul al will multiply al with al and store the result in ax.
You want mul bx.
The value from the akkumulator is multiplied with the value in register B.
The lower byte from the result is in the akkumulator and the higher byte is in B.
So in your example 64h * 63h = 26ACh in Register B you will have 26 and in the akkumulator you will have AC.
This includes recognizing division-by-constant and using shifts (power of 2) or [a fixed-point multiplicative inverse (hyper-link)] (non power of 2) to avoid IDIV (see div_by_13 in the above godbolt link).
gcc -Os (optimize for size) does use IDIV for non-power-of-2 division,
unfortunately even in cases where the multiplicative inverse code is only slightly larger but much faster.
It also saves a register, which may help when doing multiple n values in parallel in an interleaved loop (see below).
@EOF points out that tzcnt (or bsf) could be used to do multiple n/=2 iterations in one step.
It's still compatible with doing multiple scalar ns in parallel in different integer registers, though.
They handle this as a data dependency, and take multiple uops because a uop can only have 2 inputs (pre-HSW/BDW anyway)).
@Veedrac's answer overcomes all this by deferring the tzcnt/shift for multiple iterations, which is highly effective (see below).
But intuitively I would say the series will converge to 1 for every number : 0 < number, as the 3n+1 formula will slowly turn every non-2 prime factor of original number (or intermediate) into some power of 2, sooner or later.
Let`s prove that for both cases (1) and (2) it is possible to use the first formula, (N >> 1) + N + 1.
The compiler almost certainly does both computations (which costs neglegibly more since the div/mod is quite long latency, so the multiply-add is "free") and follows up with a CMOV.
Like calculating data once instead of multiple times, avoiding unnecessary work completely, using caches in the best way, and so on.
doing a MOV RBX, 3 and MUL RBX is expensive; just ADD RBX, RBX twice
OTOH, if you have 1020 bytes for a constant table, the approach using the following formula could be the fastest one:
You need to keep only integer parts of x**2/4 for any x, because fractional ones in the formula will compensate each other; so, the mapping is: 0 -> 0, 1 -> 0, 2 -> 1, 3 -> 2, 4 -> 4, ..., 510 -> 65025.
There are many other approaches for fast multiplication, including almost linear cost; see e.g.
The general idea is the same as you (should have) learned in school when you did "long multiplication", except we do it in binary instead of decimal.
Observe that the only digits you must multiply the top factor by is either 0 or 1.
Multiplying by zero is easy, the answer is always zero, you don't even have to worry about adding that in.
Multiplying by one is also easy, it just a matter of knowing "how far over to shift it".
Start with a 16-bit working copy of your number, and a 16-bit accumulator set to zero.
Shift the top number over and any time there is a one in the right-most digit you add the "working copy" to the accumulator.
When the "top" gets to zero you know you are done and the answer is in the accumulator.
You do raise an interesting topic, which is that you can't multiply 0xFFFFFFFF x 0xFFFFFFFF without overflowing.
You can't do any arithmetic with a string.Currently, your add method returns a string which then you call mul on (e.g.
"[v1 3 4]".mul).
Change your add and mult method to the following where you return a V2.
Implementing multiplication is easier, if you remember, an shl operation performs the same operation as multiplying the specified operand by two.
Shifting to the left two bit positions multiplies the operand by four.
Shifting to the left three bit positions multiplies the operand by eight.
In general, shifting an operand to the left n bits multiplies it by 2n.
Any value can be multiplied by some constant using a series of shifts and adds or shifts and subtractions.
For example, to multiply the ax register by ten, you need only multiply it by eight and then add in two times the original value.
The ax register (or just about any register, for that matter) can be multiplied by most constant values much faster using shl than by using the mul instruction.
However, if you look at the timings, the shift and add example above requires fewer clock cycles on most processors in the 80x86 family than the mul instruction.
Of course, on the later 80x86 processors, the mul instruction is quite a bit faster than the earlier processors, but the shift and add scheme is generally faster on these processors as well.
You can also use subtraction with shifts to perform a multiplication operation.
Consider the following multiplication by seven:
Beware of this pitfall when using shifts, additions, and subtractions to perform multiplication operations.
Things like SHL/SHR, SAL/SAR, ADD/SUB are faster than MUL and DIV, but MUL and DIV work better for dynamic numbers.
MUL and DIV will work better in most cases when the numbers involved aren't hard-coded and known in advance.
The only exceptions I can think of is when you know it's something like a multiple/divide by 2, 4, 8, etc.
Just like everything else in assembly there are many ways to do multiplication and division.
Do division by [multiplying by the reciprocal (hyper-link)] value.
Use shifts and adds/subs instead of multiplication.
Use the address calculation options of lea (multiplication only).
MUL and IMUL are blazingly fast on modern CPU's, see: [http://www.agner.org/optimize/instruction_tables.pdf (hyper-link)]
DIV and IDIV are and always have been exceedingly slow.
MUL, IMUL r64: Latency 3 cycles, reciprocal throughput 1 cycle.
Note that this is the maximum latency to multiply two 64 !
The CPU can complete one of these multiplications every CPU cycle if all it's doing is multiplications.
If you consider that the above example using shifts and adds to multiply by 7 has a latency of 4 cycles (3 using lea).
There is no real way to beat a plain multiply on a modern CPU.
Multiplication by the reciprocal
In floating point
  calculations, we can do multiple divisions with the same divisor
  faster by multiplying with the reciprocal, for example:
If we want to do something similar with integers then we have to scale the reciprocal divisor by 2n and then shift n places to
  the right after the multiplication.
Multiplying by the reciprocal works well when you need to divide by a constant or if you divide by the same variable many times in a row.
A shift left is a multiply by two shl - (Larger).
It can calculate multiples of 2,3,4,5,8, and 9 in a single instruction.
Note however that lea with a multiplier (scale factor) is considered a 'complex' instruction on AMD CPUs from K10 to Zen and has a latency of 2 CPU cycles.
Because lea can only shift left by 0, 1, 2, or 3 bits (aka multiply by 1, 2, 4, or 8) these are the only breaks you get.
Now:
(disassemble 'fixmul)
In that case you can specify (signed-byte 32) in sb-c:defknown fixmul.
The following query will update the document and multiply (by 2 and update) the nested field rate2 ("CUSTOMER.ratings.increase.rate2").
Your source is 8 bits (cl) so the multiplication is performed over al only.
Use mul cx instead.
Since the result of mul cl is placed in ax, what you do is basically to replace the content of ax with 00h*cl, which is 00h.
Opcode MUL
Instruction: MUL src
Note: Unsigned multiply of the accumulator by the source.
If "src" is 
  a byte value, then AL is used as the other multiplicand and the result
  is placed in AX.
If "src" is a word value, then AX is multiplied by 
  "src" and DX:AX receives the result.
If "src" is a double word value, 
  then EAX is multiplied by "src" and EDX:EAX receives the result.
The 
  386+ uses an early out algorythm which makes multiplying any size
  value  in EAX as fast in the 8 or 16 bit registers.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  Clocks (i486):  MUL reg8  13-18  MUL reg16    13-26  MUL reg32    13-42  MUL mem8 13-18  MUL mem16    13-26  MUL
  mem32 13-42
Replacing DIV with MUL may make sense (but doesn't have to in all cases) when one of the values is known at compile time.
The only way to KNOW if div or mul is faster is by testing both in a benchmark [obviously, if you use your above code, you'd mostly measure the time of read/write of the inputs and results, not the actual divide instruction, so you need something where you can isolate the divide instruction(s) from the input and output].
My guess would be that on slightly older processors, mul is a bit faster, on modern processors, div will be as fast as, if not faster than, a lookup of 256 int values.
The multiplicative inverse of an integer greater than 1 is a fraction less than one.
Assuming a multiplicative inverse existed, both terms are divided by the same divisor (9) so must have the same lookup table value (multiplicative inverse).
Any fixed lookup value corresponding to the divisor (9) multiplied by an integer will be precisely 3 times greater in the second term relative to the first term.
For instance a lookup table that is the multiplicative inverse when the result is divided by 2^16.
You would then multiply by the lookup table value and shift the result 16 bits to the right.
You are correct that finding the multiplicative inverse may be worth it if integer division inside a loop is unavoidable.
Note that different constants need different shifts of the high half of the full-multiply, and some constants need more different shifts than others.
So non-compile-time-constant divide-by-multiplying code needs all the shifts, and the shift counts have to be variable-count.
(Intel SSE/AVX doesn't do integer-division in hardware, but provides a variety of multiplies, and fairly efficient variable-count shift instructions.
For 16bit elements, there's an instruction that produces only the high half of the multiply.
For 32bit elements, there's a widening multiply, so you'd need a shuffle with that.)
In your example, you might get better results from using a uint128_t s accumulator and dividing by a outside the loop.
Speaking of math, you can use the sum(0..n) = n * (n+1) / 2 formula here, because we can factor a out of a*1 + a*2 + a*3 ... a*max.
If I'm not mistaken, the * symbol means element-wise multiplication, while you want matrix multiplication.
You should rather use TF's matrix multiplication function [matmul (hyper-link)].
Update: In case you want element-wise multiplication, then use the normal [multiplication (hyper-link)] function.
Multiplication result does change depending on whether the operands are interpreted as signed or unsigned, however the MUL instruction produces only the low 32 bits of the result, which are the same in both cases.
In recent ARM processors there are instructions which produce the full 64-bit result, and those come in pairs just like SDIV and UDIV:
[UMULL, UMLAL, SSMULL, SMLAL (hyper-link)]:
Signed and Unsigned Long Multiply, with optional Accumulate, with
  32-bit operands, and 64-bit result and accumulator.
In particular, BigInteger.multiplyToLen is an instrinsic method in HotSpot.
You may disable this instrinsic with -XX:-UseMultiplyToLenIntrinsic option to force JVM to use pure Java implementation.
Typically, on a modern x86 processor, both the CMP and the MUL instruction will occupy an integer execution unit for one cycle (CMP is essentially a SUB that throws away the result and just modifies the flags register).
If the branch cannot be predicted well, then the branch misprediction penalty will swamp other factors and the MUL version will perform significantly better.
That's because when it correctly predicts the branch, it can start speculatively executing the next instruction using the predicted value of num, before the result of the compare is available (whereas in the MUL case, subsequent use of num will have a data dependency on the result of the MUL - it won't be able to execute until that result is retired).
Not sure if this is caused by matrix order (row major or column major), take a look at [Type modifier (hyper-link)] and [mul (hyper-link)] function
To produce proper results you have to pre-multiply.
Order absolutely matters, matrix multiplication is not commutative.
However, pre-multiplying a matrix is the same as post-multiplying the transpose of the same matrix.
One case where it is illegal is ARM: MUL Rd, Rm, Rs does Rd := Rm × Rs
Perhaps early microarchitectures did some kind of multi-step micro-coded calculation and accumulated the result in the destination register.
There's also a restriction on ARM's [32x32 => 64 bit full-multiply umull Rhi, Rlo, Rm, Rs (hyper-link)]: Rhi, Rlo, and Rm all have to be different registers.
add/sub are cheaper than multiply: better throughput and lower latency.
(3-cycle imul, and lea/sub can run in parallel.
No existing x86 CPUs have more than 1 scalar multiply execution unit, so there's a resource conflict: the 2nd imul has to wait a cycle before it can execute.
The HLSL language defaults to using column-major matrix order as it's slightly more efficient for multiplies.
You can of course tell HLSL to use row-major matrix order instead, which means the HLSL mul needs to do an extra instruction on every vertex which is why it's usually worth doing the transpose on the CPU once per update instead.
I try to follow:
Check what the 32 bit value is at memory location m and conv
What is the value of edx when you start mov ebx,m[edx*4]
Check if the expected values in ebx and eax are correct
Edx will be overridden because MUL and IMUL instructions stores the result in EDX and EAX 
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86_instruction_listings (hyper-link)]
MUL is used for unsigned multiplications, IMUL for signed multiplications.
This means that, in contrary what Jester says: for 32 bits operands you use MUL (unsigned), for 31 bits with sign in 32th bit you use IMUL.
There are other overloaded forms for multiply.
In your source it should be mul instead of mull
MUL can't use an immediate value as an argument.
which would multiply eax by ecx and store the 64-bit product in edx:eax.
I'm not an expert but I think your problem is that mul will not accept a direct operand in your case the decimal constant 9 so try putting 9 in let's say register bx like this:
To answer your question about mul in general it looks like this:
So with words it expects a single operand which should either be a register or a memory location (storing the value to be multiplied so essentially a variable) and multiplies it by ax and then depending on how long the register/memory (so the operand you gave) was stores it in either ax or dx:ax or edx:eax
If you look at [MUL (hyper-link)] format table you'll notice that it only accepts one register parameter.
However turn over to [IMUL (hyper-link)] and you'll see there are many forms of it that accept an immediate
So to multiply eax by 9 you can do like this
In fact nowadays imul is exclusively used for almost all multiplications, because non-widening multiplication is [the same for signed and unsigned values (hyper-link)] and multiplication in high-level languages are non-widening (i.e.
As a result, [modern x86 CPUs are often optimized for imul (hyper-link)] and it also has many more forms than mul
The fact that "Rn must be different from Rd in architectures before ARMv6" suggests it's a design limitation of how multiplies were implemented in the original three-stage ARM pipeline.
Unlike most instructions multiplication takes multiple cycle to execute, and based on the instruction set limitation it appears that your suspicion is correct the destination register Rd is modified each cycle to calculate the result.
The paper [Verifying ARM6 Multiplication by Anthony Fox (hyper-link)], supports this by showing in Figure 4 (reformatted below to fit the limitations of Stack Exchange's markup) how Rd is modified during the execution of multiplication instructions by the ARM6 core:
t3 

Fetch an instruction
Increment the program counter
Set mul1 to reg[Rs]
Set borrow to false
Set count1 to zero

Set reg[Rd] to reg[Rn] if accumulate, otherwise zero
Set mul to mul1[1:0]
Set mul2 to mul1[31:2]
Set borrow2 to borrow
Set mshift to MSHIFT2(borrow,mul,count1)
tn

Set alub to reg[Rm] shifted left by mshift
Set alua to reg[Rd]
Set mul1 to mul2[29:0]
Set borrow to mul[1]
Set count1 to mshift[4:1] + 1

Set reg[Rd] to ALU6*(borrow2,mul,alua,alub)
Set mul to mul1[1:0]
Set mul2 to mul1[31:2]
Set borrow2 to borrow
Set mshift to MSHIFT2(borrow,mul,count1)
Update NZC flags of CPSR (if S flag set)
If the last iteration then decode the next instruction
4: ARM6 implementation of the multiply instructions.
The tn cycle is repeated until
  MULX(mul2,borrow,mshift) is true.
Certain ARM7 CPUs had a "fast multiplier" that processed 8 bits per cycle rather than 2 bits per cycle as described above, but it appears to modify a register during the calculation as well.
You can write an IR to IR transformation pass which replaces mul instructions by equivalent function call you propose.
Similarly for your case i32 Multiplication will be expanded to __mulsi3 function in glibc.
For each combination of row from A and column from B, multiply the corresponding vector-norm squareds.
Read the [documentation for mul (hyper-link)].
output A:  inadvertent multiplication
output df_dickster77: Its correct multiplication lining up on C's and D.
However 8 x D NaNs lost and 1 x C NaN lost
Your multiplication result can't be performed this way because it overflows float.
If result of multiplication overflows this limit, Python represents it as float('inf')
Your list only contains [float numbers (hyper-link)], so naturally, the multiplication operations are done using floating point arithmetic.
Unfortunately, the result of the multiplication of the items in your list is approximately 3.46027898e+348 which is larger by 40 orders of magnitude.
Mul doesn't call __mul__ (__mul__ is only called when you use a *, as it's Python's operator overloading).
SymPy currently doesn't provide a way to dispatch on Mul, though it's on our TODO list.
You’re multiplying the representations of the floating-point numbers as integers, rather than the floating-point numbers themselves:
Write your own software multiplication which separates the encodings into a signbit, exponent, and significand, xors the signbits to get the sign bit of the product, adds the exponents and adjusts the bias to get the exponent of the product, multiplies the significands and rounds to get the significand of the product, then assembles them to produce the result.
The problem is that you are trying to multiply an integer (i.e.
TensorFlow needs the input types to match for the multiplication to happen.
So make sure all your inputs to tf.multiply and tf.add are the same type.
If you multiply binary floating-point numbers by a power of two, perform arithmetic (suitably adjusted for the scaling), and reverse the scaling, the results will be identical to doing the arithmetic without scaling, barring effects from overflow and underflow.
mul is an unsigned multiply instruction, so you get an overflow because you are actually multiplying 120 * 65526.
For signed multiplication you need imul.
You have to use IMUL instead of MUL because of sign.
The answer is, of course,  that one needs to cast to dense before we multiply.
You can't tell the difference and more often that not those instructions actual do the same thing, like multiply by 1, 2 which is the same as a left shift, etc.
In the MUL instruction, the 1001 in bits 4-7 are important.
This might not be applicable to your situation but I would strongly suggest using higher level APIs like [tf.math.multiply (hyper-link)].
That said, what you can do to multiply with a constant is to create a Const op with a specified value and then use it's output as an input for this Mul op.
I agree with comments but just a quick tip, compilers are generally really good at optimizing multiplications by constants.
The error comes because you use "multiply"
Because this is the matrix multiplication.
Well complex multiplication is defined as:
And you want to simultaneously do (c1 * c3) and (c2 * c4) your SSE code would look "something" like the following:
I then multiply 0 and 2 together to get:
Next I multiply 3 and 1 together to get:
Just for completeness, the Intel® 64 and IA-32 Architectures Optimization Reference Manual that can be downloaded [here (hyper-link)] contains assembly for complex multiply (Example 6-9) and complex divide (Example 6-10).
Here's for example the multiply code:
Multiply in binary is 10 times simpler than decimal.
And I want to multiply that by 5 decimal which is 0b101 binary.
and fill it in, long multiplication if you will
Let's look at the [Mul (hyper-link)] trait to see why your implementation doesn't match:
It looks like matrix multiplication:
The multiplication instruction of MIX is defined as, [see here (hyper-link)]:
MUL ADDR,i(0:5) --> (rA,rX) := rA * memory[ADDR + rIi];
That means that the values of the accumulator register rA and of the memory address ADDR + rIi, where rIi is an index register, are multiplied.
The result of the multiplication is stored into the accumulator register rA and the extension register rX.
Therefore the calculation is done by simply using a long multiplication as follows, where Cell 1000 comes from the command MUL 1000 without usage of an index register rIi.
Multiply and addition do work with this object array:
These work because the sympy object has the right add and multiply methods:
When you are calling an instance method (mul) from another instance method (sum) without specifying on which instance to execute the method, the method is executed on the current instance (the one for which you called the original method).
The printf will return the number of characters printed out in the RAX register which is 13 after printing this The int is 4 first, that is why you get 26 in next iteration and that iteration printf returns 14 as written character number, which is 28 after multiplication by 2 and this is going on over and over again.
MUL means that the field is part of a non-unique index, as answered here:
[Another question (hyper-link)]
There are now some crates that make it really easy to implement Add, Mul, etc.
When doing a 16-bit multiply, the answer is stored in DX:AX.
8-bit multiplications are stored in a 16-bit result; 16-bit multiplications are stored in a 32-bit result; 32-bit multiplications are stored in a 64-bit result.
A1: mul was originally present on the 8086/8088/80186/80286 processors, which didn't have the E** (E for extended, i.e.
There are lots of different variations of the imul instruction.
The variant you've stumbled upon is a 16 bit multiplication.
It multiplies the AX register with whatever you pass as the argument to imul and stores the result in DX:AX.
One 32 bit variant works like the 16 bit multiplication but writes the register into EDX:EAX.
On a 386 or later, you can also write an [imul (hyper-link)] in the two operand form.
Or for signed 16-bit inputs to match your imul.
This variant of imul was [introduced with 386 (hyper-link)], and is available in 16 and 32-bit operand-size.
In 32-bit code you can always assume that 386 instructions like imul reg, reg/mem are available, but you can use it in 16 bit code if you don't care about older CPUs.
The original (i)mul instructions are from 16-bit x86 which had come long before the 32-bit x86 instruction set appeared, so they couldn't store the result to the eax/edx since there was no E-register.
Q4: How come its storing the result of two 16/32 bit multiplication result in register of same size itself?
[Multiplying two n-bit values always produces a 2n-bit value (hyper-link)].
But in imul r16, r/m16[, imm8/16] and their 32/64-bit counterparts the high n-bit results are discarded.
[non-widening multiplication (hyper-link)]), or when you can ensure that the result does not overflow.
Two-operand form — With this form the destination operand (the first operand) is multiplied by the source operand (second operand).
[https://www.felixcloutier.com/x86/IMUL.html (hyper-link)]
Modern compilers nowadays almost exclusively use the multi-operand imul for both signed and unsigned multiplications because
[The lower bits are always the same for both cases (hyper-link)], and in C multiplying two variables generates a same size result (intxint→int, longxlong→ long...) which fit imul's operands nicely.
The only way to force the compilers to emit single-operand mul or imul is [using a type twice the register size (hyper-link)]
It's very uncommon to see a multiplication where the result is wider than the register size like int64_t a; __int128_t p = (__int128_t)a * b; so single-operand (i)mul is rarely needed
Much more flexibility in usage due to various forms of imul instruction


In the 2-operand form you don't need to save/restore EDX and EAX
The 3-operand form further allows you to do non-destructive multiplication
[Modern CPUs often optimize for the multi-operand versions of imul (hyper-link)] (because modern compilers nowadays almost exclusively use the multi-operand imul for both signed and unsigned multiplications) so [they'll be faster than single-operand (i)mul (hyper-link)]
Multiplication isn't bad.
It's possible that C# optimized the division by vx to multiplication by 1 / vx since it knows those values aren't modified during the loop and it can compute the inverses just once up front.
For the float div/mul tests, you're probably getting denormalized values, which are much slower to process that normal floating point values.
One thing I did find curious is that the x86 debug program never terminated on the second float test, i.e., if you did float first, then double, it was double div/mul that failed.
If you did double then float, the float div/mul failed.
Since you have multiple records with the same value for caseId, caseId alone cannot "uniquely identify every row" in your table; and therefore caseId alone cannot be a PRIMARY KEY.
thousands of decimal digits) and the majority of time is spent multiplying very large numbers
Using the SHL/SHR instruction is, generally speaking, much faster than MUL/DIV.
For example: the following code multiplies by 5 without using the MUL instruction:
There are a number of code idioms that are faster than "MUL constant".
Modern x86 CPUs execute a MUL in several clocks, minimum.
So any code sequence that computes the product in 1-2 clocks will outperform the MUL.
You can use fast instructions (ADD, SHL, LEA, NEG) and the fact that the processor may execute some of these instructions in parallel in a single clock to replace MUL.
The LEA instruction is particularly interesting because it can multiply by some small constants (1,2,3,4,5,8,9) as well as move the product to another register, which is one easy way to break data dependencies.
Multiply EAX by 5, move product to ESI:
Multiply EAX by 18:
Multiply EAX by 7, move result to EBX:
Multiply EAX by 28:
Multiply by 1020:
Multiply by 35
So, when you want to achieve the effect of multiplying by a modest size constant, you have to think about how it can be "factored" into various products that the LEA instruction can produce, and how one might shift, add, or subtract a partial result to get the final answer.
It is remarkable how many multiply-by-constants can be produced this way.
This turns out be be really handy when indexing into arrays-of-structs because you have to multiply an index by the size of the struct.
Often when indexing an array like this, you want to compute the element address and fetch the value; in this case you can merge a final LEA instruction into a MOV instruction, which you cannot do with a real MUL.
This buys you additional clock cycle(s) in which to do the MUL by this type of idiom.
[I have built a compiler that computes the "best multiply by constant" using these instructions by doing a small exhaustive search of instruction combinations; it then caches that answer for later reuse].
Your mul procedure seems overly complicated.
You can see that (mul -1 1) does the right thing, but (mul -2 1) does not.
The mul instruction does not use two operands.
The mul instruction mandatory uses the EAX register and one other operand.
I also switched to mul %%cl.
Well, if you wanted to try computing multiple strings in a single run (like I do below), you might call this code several times.
Using mul %%bl, add %%ax and short result works for tiny strings like these, but will eventually be insufficient as the strings get longer (requiring eax or rax etc).
Warning: There's a trick when moving 'up' from mul %%bl to mul %%bx.
Use .dot for matrix multiplication with DataFrame or Series objects.
For IMUL:
The CF and OF flags are set when the signed integer value of the intermediate product differs from the sign
extended operand-size-truncated product, otherwise the CF and OF flags are cleared.
If you have a look at the pseudo algorithm of [IMUL in Intel's docs (hyper-link)], you'll see
So, you can check either flag after IMUL
The byte-sized mul instruction multiplies the ALregister by the specified byte-sized operand.
The word-sized mul instruction multiplies the AXregister by the specified word-sized operand.
Using mul ax then would calculate AX * AX, which is not what you wanted.
You want to multiply different numbers.
If you work with the numbers as immediates (260, 19), then just use a word-sized register even for the small number 19:
[code snippet]
or even let the assembler do the multiplication:
[code snippet]
Unsigned numbers, use mulfor unsigned multiply
[code snippet]
I advice against using cbw in this case!
Signed numbers, use imulfor signed multiply
[code snippet]
cbw is the right choice to extend the signed byte from AL.
The mul function takes 2 arguments at a time and returns their product.
If you want to use mul to calculate the product of a list of numbers you can use [functools.reduce (hyper-link)] to apply the function cumulatively to every list item for an aggregated result:
A multiplier will shift left, times 2 is a shift of 1 times 4 a shift of 2 and so on.
You could mask individual bits this way, divide by 8 to shift right 3 then multiply by 0x8000 to shift left 15, then divide by 0x1000.
If that works then you could say multiply by 0x100 then divide by 0x100 and have that be the same as anding with 0xFF00.
is it a signed multiply (and divide) or unsigned?
Edit: 
Besides the obvious self error I've described above, you're multiplying a float by a list.
That's what's causing the can't multiply sequence by non-int of type 'Mul' error.
If you want to multiply each item in the list by the float, your corrected method code will be:
so take one of the numbers walk a one through it if that bit is set add the other number shifted the same amount to your accumulator.
If you're doing multiplication then just use *.
if you want you can return the value of mul along with add but actually that doesn't make sense....
but if you want to access the value of mul, do
from mathematics import addition,mul
mul must be a global var though.
Well, to answer the question in your title, on ARM, a SHIFT+SUB can be done in a single instruction with 1 cycle latenency, while a MUL usually has multiple cycle latency.
Despite the fact that your compiler can optimize the line quite well (and reading the assembly will tell you what is really done), you can refer from [this page (hyper-link)] to know exactly how much cycles a MUL can take.
You need to return an Iteration instance from __pow__, and you need to implement __add__ and __mul__ too, not just __pow__.
There's no form of MUL that accepts an immediate operand.
or (requires 186 for imul-immediate):
The [Intel 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer’s Manual - Volume 2 Instruction Set Reference - 325383-056US September 2015 (hyper-link)]
 section "MUL - Unsigned Multiply" column  Instruction contains only:
r/mXX means register or memory: so immediates (immXX) like mul 2 are not allowed in any of the forms: the processor simply does not support that operation.
This also answers the second question: it is possible to multiply by memory:
And also shows why things like mul al,2 will not work: there is no form that takes two arguments.
As mentioned by Michael however, imul does have immediate forms like IMUL r32, r/m32, imm32 and many others that mul does not.
From the documentation here, it looks like you can multiply them the other way around:
[https://doc.qt.io/archives/qt-4.8/qtransform.html#operator-2a-45 (hyper-link)]
Subtractions can be the answer to your question ("How do I divide two numbers in assembly without using the MUL or DIV operators?
If you want the result with decimals it will be necessary to multiply the last dividend (3 in previous example) by 10 for one decimal or by 100 for two decimals (or 1000 for three decimals, and so on), example (tested on VS2013) :
Regarding your question for a more general trait for binary operations that will create impls of Add, Mul etc.
Here is a good example of Unsigned multiplication (MUL operand):
I know this is really late, but the problem is that you cannot multiply by an immediate value.
You need to load that value into a register, then mul with that register as the operand.
mov al, [numb]
mov ah, 10h
mul ah
You're re-multiplying every time inside the loop.
This will introduce some rounding error that accumulates vs. redoing the computation from scratch, but double is probably overkill for what you're doing anyway.
So you'll want to unroll with multiple vectors to hide that FP latency, and keep at least 3 or 4 FP additions in flight at once.
See also [Why does mulss take only 3 cycles on Haswell, different from Agner's instruction tables?
(hyper-link)] for more about unrolling with multiple accumulators for a similar problem with loop-carried dependencies (a dot product).
The choice of whether to add or multiply when building up vdelta4 / vdelta8 is not very significant; I tried to avoid too long a dependency chain before the first stores can happen.
Maybe it would have been better to create vdelta4 with a multiply from 4.0*delta, and double it to get vdelta8.
So when x equals np.nan, presumably x.mul(1) and x.__mul__(1) are both np.nan again, and the result of testing this value for equality with itself is false.
One limit LP for pow and one limit LM for mult.
Here, you want operator.__add__, operator.__sub__, and operator.__mul__.
you are truncating the result of the multiplication to 12
before it is subtracted from 100.
Multiplication is simply repeated addition, in the same manner that addition is repeated incrementing and exponentiation is repeated multiplication.
Hence you could write a function that multiplies two values as follows (pseudo-code, obviously, but using functions primitive enough for your specifications):
For even basic performance it is important to break these into small steps and allow multiple instructions to be "in the pipeline" simultaneously.
Because [One (hyper-link)] trait already do it, pub trait One: Mul<Self, Output = Self>.
In the program i am trying to set zero flag as a result of mul instruction
The mul instruction does not affect the zero flag, see [Intel® 64 and IA-32 Architectures
Software Developer’s Manual (hyper-link)] Volume 2 page 3-594:
MUL—Unsigned Multiply
I would use two [semaphores (hyper-link)]: one for multiply, and one for add.
add must acquire the addSemaphore before adding, and releases a permit to the multiplySemaphore when it's done, and vice-versa.
For example if two instances are created, threads will be able to enter multiple critical sections at a time, but will be limited to one thread per instances, per critical section.
The long latency chain for this sequence is sub-mul-add, which has a total latency of 3+5+3 = 11 cycles on most recent Intel processors.
Now the long latency chain is shuffle-sub-mul-add, which has a total latency of 1+3+5+3 = 12 cycles; Throughput is now limited by ports 0 and 1, but still has a peak of one LERP every two cycles.
First, MUL and DIV only take 1 argument.
Search for 'intel mul' and 'intel div' to see the instruction details:
MUL r8 wil multiply r8 with al and store the result in ax.
This is because, for instance, multiplying 127 with 127 is bigger than 8 bits (but never more than 16).
MUL r16 will multiply r16 (a 16 bit register) with ax, and store the result in dx:ax, i.e., the high word in dx, and the low word in ax.
Although there exist "disable-atomics"/"disable-float" configuration flags for building the toolchain, there is no multilib option for multiply/divide because they don't affect the ABI; the assumption is that the execution environment can emulate those instructions.
To the last point, the latest Privileged ISA v1.7 is designed such that you can run mul/div code and then trap into the machine-mode to emulate the mul/div instructions (you can even trap into M-mode while running in M-mode!).
You'd have to provide your own mul trap handler in M-mode (probably located in your own crt0 file and linked in at compile time).
A recent patch supports the --with-arch flag, so it's possible to build a gcc that by default won't generate multiply/divide.
So one possibility is to pass the location where the mul function is to store its results explicitly, like so:
Now r holds the results of the multiplication of a1 and a2.
Multiplication.java
This means you are using an instance of parent class Multiplication.
Although the code is inside a method of subclass of Multiplication.
And of course the mul(...) method is invisible.
0.1*n is a sympy mul expression, hence the error.
If you don't care about the upper half, you can use either mul or imul, in all of their forms (the one-operand forms produce the upper half, but in this scenario you would ignore it).
If you do care about the upper half, neither mul nor imul works by itself, since they just multiply unsigned*unsigned and signed*signed, but you can fix it fairly easily.
Anyway, multiplying that by some signed number y and working it out gives 256 x_7 y + xy, where xy is the (double-width) result of imul and 256 x_7 y means "add y to the upper half if the sign of x is set", so a possible implementation is (not tested)
Naturally you could sign-extend one operand, zero-extend the other, and use a 16 bit multiplication (any, since the upper half is not relevant this way).
For MUL: OF=CF=1 when carry bit changes upper half; For IMUL: OF=CF=1 when carry bit changes sign bit in low part (or just sign bit in result for 2 or 3 operands form)
x86 does have an instruction that multiplies signed bytes by unsigned bytes: [SSSE3 pmaddubsw (hyper-link)].
You can think of it as sign-extending one operand to 16 bits, zero-extending the other to 16 bits, then doing an NxN -> N-bit multiply.
Of course if you have SSE4.1 then you could just pmovsxbw one input and pmovzxbw the other input to feed a regular 16-bit pmullw, if you don't want pairs added.
But if you just want one scalar result, movsx / movzx to feed a regular non-widening imul reg, reg is your best bet.
As Harold points out, mul r/m and imul r/m widening multiplies treat both their inputs the same way so neither can work (unless the signed input is known to be non-negative, or the unsigned input is known to not have its high bit set, so you can treat them both the same after all.)
mul and imul also set FLAGS differently: CF=OF= whether or not the full result fits in the low half.
For imul reg,r/m or imul reg, r/m, imm, the "low half" is the destination reg; the high half isn't written anywhere.
First there is concept called [recursion (hyper-link)] which is helpful in many cases where you need to call the same function multiple times on or within the same data structure (in this case a list):
Since the mul() function keeps calling itself, this is, by definition, recursion.
The MUL macro is not expanded inside main, because its #define has not been seen yet.
Your problem is that in the way you call it (balance_equation(['H2O','A2'],['6','-4'])), mul is a string rather than an int ('6' or '-4' rather than 6 or -4).
This converts mul to an integer before comparing it to 0.
This is because mul_op does not depend on add_op.
Rather the out_op is dependent on both mul_op (as an explicit input) and add_op as a control dependency.
Construct the mul_op inside a tf.control_dependencies context using the add_op:
Have mul_op take the output of the addition (add_op) as an input.
if you multiply two 8 bit values it takes 16 bits to store a result worst case right?
From grade school how do we do multiplication by hand?
Addition, subtraction and multiplication
The same is true for the multiplication.
However a lot of (most) CPUs work like this: They multiply two 32-bit numbers and the result is not the low 32 bits but the full 64 bits - so a "signed multiply" and an "unsigned multiply" instruction are required.
There are however few CPUs that multiply two 32-bit numbers returning only the low 32 bits of the result.
These CPUs will only need one "multiply" instruction.
It's likely to be faster to compute small multiplications in the address calculator than in a general-purpose arithmetic/logic unit (ALU).
I think what you're looking for is the keras.layers.Multiply()
Which should then give you output_attention_mul = keras.layers.Multiply()([inputs, a_probs])
When two bytes are multiplied −
The multiplicand is in the AL register, and the multiplier is a byte
in the memory or in another register.
When two one-word values are multiplied −
The multiplicand should be in the AX register, and the multiplier is a
word in memory or another register.
For example, for an instruction
like MUL DX, you must store the multiplier in DX and the multiplicand
in AX.
When two doubleword values are multiplied −
When two doubleword values are multiplied, the multiplicand should be
in EAX and the multiplier is a doubleword value stored in memory or in
another register.
But this is essentially what the MUL instructions does, in hardware, so you won't get anything faster than that.
According to the docs of [matmul (hyper-link)]:
Alternatively, you can make the insertion explicit by multiplying views with the appropriate insertions:
The error is telling you that the Mul object (which is n*x) does not have a cosine method, since the interpreter is now confused between the sympy and numpy methods.
To do multiple files, wrap the while loop in a for f in *.s loop with the while's done like this: done < "$f" or do the while's done like this: done < <(cat *.s) instead of the for f.
In this case, the type of a is <T as std::ops::Mul>::Output — sound familiar from the error message?
Then, we are trying to multiply that type by x again, but there's no guarantee that Output is able to be multiplied by anything!
Which is because the [Mul trait takes arguments by value (hyper-link)], so we add the Copy so we can duplicate the values.
The bound T: Mul does not imply that the result of the binary operator is also of type T. The result type is an associated type of this trait: Output.
For example: T: Mul2 could imply T: Mul<T> + Mul<&T> and &T: Mul<T> + Mul<&T>, but at the time of writing this, the Rust compiler does not seem able to handle this.
Q2: "Cores" * frequency * 2 (because each core can do a multiply+add)
The problem is that the add method is declared to return Add - but you're trying to assign the return value to a variable of type Mul.
If you change the declared type of sum to Add instead of mul, then that assignment is fine even if you initialize sum with a value of type Mul to start with.
It's not really clear what you're trying to achieve here, but I'm pretty suspicious of a Mul class extending Add to start with...
You are trying to assign a reference to this object into the variable mul that has type Mul.
This cannot be permitted because Add is not a subclass of Mul.
(In fact, Mul is a subclass of Add, but that's irrelevant.)
If you had expensive operations which could be done in parallel then multi threads make sense.
If you try running the multi-threaded application first, you will notice that it has a lower "time in milliseconds"-value.
Now things are changing as there are multicore machines and threads can execute at the same time on different cores.
Please see this link for more information: [Does Java have support for multicore processors/parallel processing?
you can't in general implement (a*b) / c with just mul / div and a 64-bit temporary in EDX:EAX.)
one-operand mul / imul: edx:eax = eax * src
two-operand imul: dst *= src.
imul ecx, esi doesn't read or write eax or edx.
There is no dl=sign_bit(al) instruction because 8bit mul and div are special, and use ax instead of dl:al.
Since the inputs to [i]mul are single registers, you never need to do anything with edx before a multiply.
If your input is signed, you sign-extend it to fill the register you're using as an input to the multiply e.g.
(With the exception that if you only need the low 16 bits of the multiply result, for example, [it doesn't matter if the upper 16 bits of either or both inputs contain garbage (hyper-link)].)
Although batch_matmul doesn't exist anymore
How many times Person B's does Person A have (MultiplyPersonBsByThisToGetPersonAsAmount = "3 1/3")
You are trying to define the return type of mul in terms of the return type of mul.
More precisely, you are using mul in the decltype expression, before it is fully declared (which is exactly, what the compiler error is telling you).
Firstly, if you replace your call in main with mul(2., 3.1) (two arguments), you code still won't compile in Clang and GCC.
But in this case it will not compile simply because your single-argument mul is declared after the multiple-argument version.
The single-argument version is not yet known at the point of declaration of multiple-argument version.
If you move the single-argument declaration to the top, the mul(2., 3.1) call will compile.
It compiles because the return type specification decltype(t * mul(u ...)) refers to an already fully-declared single-argument version of mul.
Secondly, the original call with three arguments mul(2., 3.1, 4.2) does not compile because it attempts to recursively declare its return type through itself (through a two-argument version, which still refers to the same template).
It's the argument 'mul' that is the problem, not the assignment to 'mul'.
You can use both global and local with mul=setArg(globals()['mul'],3).
In C and C++, a multidimensional array is simply an array of arrays.
On the other hand, there are a lot of data structures that emulate multidimensional arrays using pointers to rows or pointers to elements.
You can use the classical shift and add multiplication algorithm (assuming your numbers are unsigned).
Multiplication by a bit bi will be 0 if bi≠1 and multiplication by a power of 2 is just a shift.
You want [operator.mul (hyper-link)].
int.__mul__ can only multiply two integers, likewise, long.__mul__ two longs.
Or yes, use operator.mul but remember to import it first!
The excuse is arguably that at the time the various multiply instructions were added to the instruction set of the CPU (8086 vintage, I think), that the existing instruction didn't have any obvious places to put multiply where it could share the general decoding scheme available to other instructions (e.g., mov, add, xor, etc), that there were not a lot of available transistors to do fancy decoding schemes to enable some other way to encode general operands, and that any transistors that were available were better dedicated to the multiplication/division logic.
Finally, the multiply instruction is needed rather less often than the general instructions (mov, add, xor) and so the effort to move the operands into place/results from fixed places doesn't cause a lot of code bloat or impact performance much.
You should consider it lucky it wasn't simply defined as multiplying EAX and EDX to produce EDX:EAX, which is a time-honored scheme used in many earlier computer architectures.
And the needs haven't changed much for integer multiply in the x86 instruction set since.
Perhaps the multiply by 4 is being swapped for adds or perhaps sll immediate for speed purposes.
This results in a syntax error simply because MIPS only supports the pseudo-instruction mul [rs] [rt] [imm], and not mul [rs] [imm] [rt].
If there is no node in the graph called "import/Mul" and we don't know
  what the graph is or how it was produced, there's little chance that
  anyone will be able to guess the right answer.
The * or tf.multiply does element-wise multiplication.
Use tf.matmul
It's more easy work with numpy matmul function to do this.
First, you need to initialize mul with the right dimensions, as @jasonharper pointed out.
Second, you actually need 3 loops to be able to do matrix multiplication like this.
Third, a for loop with an unconditional return will only run once, so you might as well replace the last loop with return mul.
Fourth, the matrices you're trying to multiply are not compatible, since they're both 4x3.
The second argument of __mul__ doesn't have to be just an number or a Vector; it can be anything that is similar enough to either for the attempted multiplications to succeed.
On any other error involving the multiplication, return NotImplemented so that type(other).__rmul__ can be tried.
By MUL do you mean progressive multiplication of values?
Even with 100 rows of some small size (say 10s), your MUL(column) is going to overflow any data type!
taking the abs() of data, if the min is 0, multiplying by whatever else is futile, the result is 0
If data is not 0, abs allows us to multiple a negative number using the LOG method - we will keep track of the negativity elsewhere
% 2 against the count() of negative numbers returns either
--> 1 if there is an odd number of negative numbers
--> 0 if there is an even number of negative numbers
more mathematical tricks: we take 1 or 0 off 0.5, so that the above becomes
--> (0.5-1=-0.5=>round to -1) if there is an odd number of negative numbers
--> (0.5-0= 0.5=>round to  1) if there is an even number of negative numbers
we multiple this final 1/-1 against the SUM-PRODUCT value for the real result
For a division, SymPy represents x/y as x*y**-1 (there is no division class, only Mul and Pow).
You add a trait bound <T as Mul<f64>>::Output: Hilbert.
This one is because you defined dot to take Self, but there could be different implementations of Hilbert you want to multiply.
Finally, the borrow checker hits: (x * 2.0).dot(&x) won't let you use x twice, because mul takes its argument by value.
You will either have to add a bound Mul<&'a Self> to be able to pass in a reference (which infects your API with lifetime parameters) or make x cloneable (I don't think copyable would apply).
Unless you are restricted from using all instructions for some reason, there are 2 operand forms of multiply that will get the job done faster.
You can also use the distributive rule to avoid a multiplication:
imul is integer (signed) multiply, mul is unsigned.
Also, the 2-operand imul r, r is faster than imul r32, because it doesn't have to compute the upper half of the product, or store it anywhere.
Multiplies by small constant factors are [often best done with lea (hyper-link)].
(Other than imul / mul.
(I put it after the imuls for a to make sure the CPU started working on the longer dep chain ASAP.)
mov(1 or 0) ->  imul(3) -> imul(3) -> add(1) -> imul(3)
total = 10 cycles
a^3*b and 5*b^2 could be calculated in parallel, and added at the end, but that would still be 3 multiplies in the longer of the two chains.
AFAIK you cannot use the same register for mul command.
A MUL instruction with a word sized operand multiplies AX with that operand and places its result in DX:AX.
mul() does not return a value when an exception is caught.
If you want multiple instances of that layer:
imul has a latency of 3 and a throughput of 1 when reading 64-bit registers, but a latency of 4 to 5 and a throughput of 1 when reading 32-bit registers.
"Mul(a+b+c)"=>"Mul(a)*Mul(+b+c)").
You can use your implementation of the mult function if you change the signature as follows:
Use [__rmul__ (hyper-link)]:
__rmul__ called when the left-hand operand does not support the corresponding operation (__mul__).
I believe, from your statement "I think the (add / min / mul / div) programs are not called correctly in execl", that you're asking why your execl call is failing.
You likely need to specify the full path to the add / min / mul / div binaries, such as:
Analogous lines for mul
rmul has a flag reversed=True
It isn't necessary for multiplication, hence the comment.
As stated in the documentation, df.mul(other) is equivalent to df * other, while df.rmul(other) is equivalent to other * df.
This probably doesn't matter for most cases, but it will matter if, e.g., you have a dataframe of object dtype whose elements have noncommutative multiplication.
The difference between def +(other: A) =... and def mul(other: A) =... is that Int has a + method but it does not have a mul method.
If you were to move the implicit def fromInt(... outside of the companion object then the mul() conversion will take place.
I need to look at the types of a, b, c, and d, and the declarations of the functions, to be sure, but even without that I can safely assume it's doing a vector addition and a vector multiplication.
Using ADD and MUL would be an improvement, but IMHO not enough to override the other disadvantages.
FMA pipe is responsible for FFMA, FMUL, FADD, FSWZADD, and IMAD instructions.
Using IMAD to emulate IADD and MOV allows the compiler to explicitly schedule instructions to FMA pipe instead of the ALU pipe.
What's clear from compiler output is that the compiler is emulating binary integer add and raw moves with IMAD, which generalizes both.
It's emulating the following.
(There's also a left-shift-by-K version IMAD.SHL I think, which uses a multiplier of 2^K where K is the shift amount.)
Model2 shape is  (,3) and not (,2) which is giving error in multiply of the model and model2
To get a terminating computation, one would first have to reduce x, I'd think by multiples of log(2)/log(1.01).
btw this can be done with +,<< if you realize you are multiplying by:
So you just can do shift and add for each binary 1 instead of mul in case mul is a problem ...
But since you already mentioned it in your question, I guess there is a misunderstanding about the true role played by a MUL key, ie.
If you know the divisor ahead of time, you can avoid the division by replacing it with a set of other operations (multiplications, additions, and shifts) which have the equivalent effect.
Implementing the C / operator this way instead of with a multi-instruction sequence involving div is just GCC's default way of doing division by constants.
Using a multiplicative inverse instead of division is like using lea instead of mul and add
Dividing by 5 is the same as multiplying 1/5, which is again the same as multiplying by 4/5 and shifting right 2 bits.
As to why, multiplication is faster than division, and when the divisor is fixed, this is a faster route.
See [Reciprocal Multiplication, a tutorial (hyper-link)] for a detailed writeup about how it works, explaining in terms of fixed-point.
In general multiplication is much faster than division.
So if we can get away with multiplying by the reciprocal instead we can significantly speed up division by a constant
When we multiply a 64 bit integer by a 0.64 fixed point number we get a 64.64 result.
Therefore a positive error of less than 1/5 in the multiplied and shifted result will never push the result over a rounding boundary.
The value of i is less than 264 so the error after multiplying is less than 1/5.
After multiplying by an i value of just under 264 we end up with an error just under 6/7 and after dividing by four we end up with an error of just under 1.5/7 which is greater than 1/7.
So to implement divison by 7 correctly we need to multiply by a 0.65 fixed point number.
We can implement that by multiplying by the lower 64 bits of our fixed point number, then adding the original number (this may overflow into the carry bit) then doing a rotate through carry.
In the article, a uword has N bits, a udword has 2N bits, n = numerator = dividend, d = denominator = divisor, ℓ is initially set to ceil(log2(d)), shpre is pre-shift (used before multiply) = e = number of trailing zero bits in d, shpost is post-shift (used after multiply), prec is precision = N - e = N - shpre.
The goal is to optimize calculation of n/d using a pre-shift, multiply, and post-shift.
Scroll down to figure 6.2, which defines how a udword multiplier (max size is N+1 bits), is generated, but doesn't clearly explain the process.
Figure 4.2 and figure 6.2 show how the multiplier can be reduced to a N bit or less multiplier for most divisors.
Equation 4.5 explains how the formula used to deal with N+1 bit multipliers in figure 4.1 and 4.2 was derived.
In the case of modern X86 and other processors, multiply time is fixed, so pre-shift doesn't help on these processors, but it still helps to reduce the multiplier from N+1 bits to N bits.
The numerator (dividend) for mlow and mhigh can be larger than a udword only when denominator (divisor) > 2^(N-1) (when ℓ == N => mlow = 2^(2N)), in this case the optimized replacement for n/d is a compare (if n>=d, q = 1, else q = 0), so no multiplier is generated.
Take a look at how j = i/7 is handled (which should be the N+1 bit multiplier case).
On most current processors, multiply has a fixed timing, so a pre-shift is not needed.
For X86, the end result is a two instruction sequence for most divisors, and a five instruction sequence for divisors like 7 (in order to emulate a N+1 bit multiplier as shown in equation 4.5 and figure 4.2 of the pdf file).
With this change "mul" and "val" shows the same results:
Also, I removed the semicolons at the end of add and mul so Rust knows that they are the return values.
This will not stop a user from using an intermediate UPDATE to change to one of Loa/Mul/Alm and then to either Rea or Can
you must multiply matrix by vector to apply affine transformation provided by matrix to the given vector.
The fact is matrix products are mathematically fair, but matrix by vector (and reverse) multiplications aren't.
When you multiply vector by matrix (or matrix by vector), mathematically it is still multiplication of matrices.
Remember that you can multiply (N x M) matrix and (M × P) matrix?
You may multiply (1x4) by (4x4) or (4x4) by (4x1) (but not (4x1) by (4x4) and not (4x4) by (1x4)).
So, when you are multiplying vector and matrix you must consider vector as a matrix - a single-row matrix (1x4) or a single-column matrix (4x1) and you must multiply them in a right order.
That's why when you are using post-multiplication M.V you must have matrix in a column-major order to receive a result that makes a sense.
You could clone the code (the containing function or the entire module, depending on how much context you need), then replace %i.0 with a constant value, run the constant propagation pass on the code, and finally check whether %mul is assigned to a constant value and if so, extract it.
Make sure %mul is not elided out - for example, return it from the function, or store its value to memory, or something.
Because the JOIN operation can return multiple matches to events, we'd need to add a GROUP BY to eliminate the duplicates, and we'd use the PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE KEY columns for that.
As you know if you multiply a number with another number which is a power of two then you just have to shift it left.
But in general multiplications its efficient to follow normal multiplier designs.
In the case of instructions like MUL or SWP, they were not in the first version of the architecture.
Since the barrel shifter specification bits had to be repurposed for storing things like what instruction to execute and what register to use as the multiplier, there was simply no way to specify how much to shift/rotate the operand.
To multiply numbers with the MUL instruction you put one number in eax (or rax or ax depending on operand size) and another number somewhere else (in any other register or in memory), then do MUL and expect the result in edx:eax (or rdx:rax or dx:ax).
You can also do the MUL in a loop.
The GNU Linux C library is set up that way so that libraries can call all of the locking functions, but unless they are actually linked into a multithreaded program, none of the locks actually happen.
In profiler I see "mulps %xmm11, %xmm5", for example.
mulps is precision single, it depends whether or not you are comparing a SSE multiply against a normal scalar multiply.
That is, for multiplication and addition, we first compile the operands and then produce, respectively, the Mul or Add instruction; for literals we produce the corresponding push instruction.
What mul ebx does is ebx*eax and stores the result in edx:eax (the higher order bits go in edx when eax is not big enough to hold the result, in your example this is not a problem though).
{mul,Term1,Term2} for a multiplication,
The input should be (for your example) [ 2, 3, plus, 4, mul] and it can be solved like this:
The problem is that you're calling extracting_columns with a string like 'OH' as the first argument, so when you try to do for (el,mul) in specie: it's trying to unpack the 'O' into (el, mul).
But it looks like your parse_formula is made specifically for turning a string like 'OH' into a list of pairs like [('O', 1.0), ('H', 1.0)].
It is strange that there is only one port for floating point addition, but two ports for floating point multiplication.
There are two execution units for floating point multiplication and for fused multiply-and-add, but only one execution unit for floating point addition.
This design appears to be suboptimal since floating point code typically contains more additions than multiplications.
numbers, you would have to split it in ten parts and use ten accumulator registers.
But If it's throughput bound you can try and use FMA (by setting the multiplier to 1.0) but you will probably have to use many AVX registers to do this.
Note that you will need to change the value of multiply and divide options to accurately reflect their operators (currently both have a value of "add").
on yours if elses statement you are basically checking if sub, add, div, mul exists and as all of them return true, you always stay on the first one which is sub.
and then do if else on that variable to check it's value if it's sub, add, div or mul.
When you target multiple frameworks you must use conditional references and preprocessor symbols to work with features that are not supported by all of the target frameworks.
The full documentation for multi-targeting frameworks can be found here:
[Target Frameworks | Microsoft Docs (hyper-link)]
When you multiply polynomial A of Nth power with polynomial B by Mth power, you'll get resulting polynomial C of (N+M) power, which has N+M+1 coefficients.
I hope that implementation of such a simple formula with cycle is not problem in any programming language.
In fact, a major part of the benefit of fused multiply-add is that it does not (necessarily) produce the same result as a separate multiply and add.
but if we first compute a*b using multiplication it rounds to 1.0, so the subsequent subtraction of 1.0 produces a result of zero.
Please note that not only do we get a different result, but different flags have been set as well; a separate multiply and subtract sets the inexact flag, whereas the fused multiply-add does not set any flags.
In the __rmul__ function there is no thor parameter, there is a loki parameter only.
Try using that parameter to call __mul__:
So operator.mul will require three calls: first search operator in local scope, then in global scope.
Now as it is found in global scope now search operator module for mul.
Declaring it like mul=operator.mul in function header will reduce these number of searches to 1.
Normally, setting __mul__ on an instance instead of a class wouldn't work at all, but Mock and MagicMock let you do it.
The thing is, mock1.__mul__ is a bound method, or at least it's supposed to behave like one.
not mock1.__mul__(mock1, mock2).
You've written your multiplicateMocks to behave as an unbound method.
The third is where you have a list of two or more elements - simply perform the mul/3 on the first two and then recursively call product/2.
Please in the future include the definition for mul/3.
I'm assuming the problem your having is because of System.out.println, when making a method you need to state what type it is you are trying to return since you want to print something you'd say void as in you don't want to print anything just print this and I wrote int n to make your job easier because writing all that code once is better than multiple times just change args[0] to args[n]
As far as i can understand you want to loop your case until the user gives "sum, div,sub,mul"
You can do it with do{}while();.
To fix this situtation, first move the line xorl %eax, %eax before the mul label.
If you have two consecutive MUL, the team is still busy from the first one (working at the second station) when the second MUL arrives.
You have multiple lanes, some of which are dedicated to trucks, some for buses, and some (most, I guess) for private cars.
You still could have multiple incoming vehicles of the same type, that would eventually lead to some of the stations filling up and queues would be formed.
Only macro-fusion combines multiple instructions into a single uop.
But you mentioned wanting to use a comprehension to use the results of your mul function as as part of your add function.
(add, [values]) + (mul[values])
The 'MUL' just means that it's not a unique index (i.e.
You are unable to use the values in abstract class addition because as the constructor of multip class is overwriting the values of variables a and b in it.
Hence, in your code the constructor of class addition is intializing them to 24,4 but the constructor of class multip is overwriting them to be 12,3.
If you want to access the variable values from class addition then have different variables in class multip and addition.
tf.mul() and  tf.matmul() produce different results.
The former is an entrywise multiplication, while the latter is a matrix multiplication.
The mul function of the solution can also be used to determine whether the result is even or odd without directly computing the result.
It's not something I've seen before, but I eventually determined that mul(n) computes the largest power of 2 that will divide n factorial.
Thus the condition mul(intervalBA + primeCount - 1) == mul(primeCount - 1) + mul(intervalBA) is checking whether the largest power of 2 that divides the numerator is equal to the largest power of 2 that divides the denominator, where n is intervalBA + primeCount - 1 and k is intervalBA.
MIPS32TM Architecture For Programmers
Volume II: The MIPS32TM Instruction Set, mul / mult instrutions':
So yes, multiplication by an arbitrary number is one of the very few things in MIPS that can take more cycles than other instructions.The way the manual specifies mul, it is possible for it to be implemented as mult then mflo, in which case mul and mult obviously have exactly the same timing characteristics.
The multiply/divide unit is one of the poorer aspects of the MIPS architecture.
MUL as opposed to PRI and UNI means a non unique index and is shown for the first (or the only column) in an index when you issue a DESCRIBE or SHOW COLUMNS command.
If more than one of the Key values applies to a given column of a table, Key displays the one with the highest priority, in the order PRI, UNI, MUL.
firstName is a second column in the composite index name and therefore MUL is not being displayed for it.
Also, i86 might not put the 'mul' product where you think.
I was incorrectly using the MUL instruction.
AX will store the number and BX is used only for MUL.
The problem is only that in your alkane sig declaration you said c: one Carbon, which is going to fix the number of carbon atoms to exactly 1, so minus[mul[#(a.c), 2], 2] is always going to evaluate to exactly 0.
Also, for the alkane formula
I've already finds the mul, add values, I had a problem with color.xml because I used ID number instead the color RGB number, big mistake.
and is being thrown from the multiply function in math_ops.py within the tensorflow package.
Unless your CPU is defective somehow, you would just use the mul command :-)
However, in a general sense, you just need to be aware that multiplication is repeated addition, so 4 x 7 is seven lots of four added together: 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4 + 4.
Also keep in mind that there are actually more efficient ways of doing multiplication that involve bit shifting of the values (minimising the additions needed) rather than simplistic repeated addition.
As an aside, you can get quite good performance when multiplying by a constant since you know in advance what operations need to be carried out.
For example, multiplying a register by ten could be done with something like (keeping in mind my assembly days are long in the past):
In the good old decimal days you did a multiplication - e.g.
You took the rightmost digit of the multiplier (11) = 1,  and multiplied it with the multiplicand (14) = 14
You took the next digit left of the multiplier = 1, multiplied it by the multiplicand = 14 and shifted the result decimal left by one digit = 140.
You can also shift the multiplicand instead of the result: 1 * 140 = 140.
Take the rightmost bit of the multiplier (1011b) by shifting the multiplier to the right = 1.
"Multiply" it by the multiplicand (1110b).
This is not really a multiplication.
The result is according to the bit 0 or the multiplicand.
If the multiplier is greater than null then the next bit waits as rightmost bit in the multiplier.
Shift the multiplicand to the left by one bit (the second option in step 2. above) and goto step 1.
Now the cumulative distribution of the Gaussian is given by
With mad, the consuming time of kernel in my project is 58ms(average, multiple times test, on arm mali G77 Bifrost).
In getIndex("abcdefgh", "fg"), the searched hash ha1 is 3196477, your base multiplier ba1 is 982007569, and in the sixth iteration the prefix hashes are hs1[6] = 73644174 and hs1[4] = 800389532.
In this case you can inject Multiplier, because it is a valid EJB interface.
Additionally, you can also omit the MultiplierLocal interface, because it does not offer any value and the EJB spec says, that all public methods of a bean are automatically local.
conv2d op : this is what slides a kernel over the input tensor and does element-wise multiplication between the kernel and the underlying input window.
__m128i _mm_mullo_epi32(__m128i a, __m128i b)
Packed integer 32-bit multiplication with truncation of upper halves of results.
You can perform 4 multiplications at a time.
You could also use single-precision floating point and the older mulps intrinsic.
The instruction [mul (hyper-link)] has several variants.
When you multiply with a 8-bit memory object the result is AL*[mem/8].
In your case you multiply
There is no restriction in ARMv6, and it is believed all relevant ARMv4 and ARMv5 implementations do not require this restriction either, because high performance multipliers read all their operands prior to writing back any results.
t1 is quite possibly already in cache during t1.mul(t1) call, so accesses are faster
I'm not sure what type td is, but I bet there is a saturate_cast going on for every element in the matrix when you add 1 to td; no casting needed in the .mul() calls
subtract and multiply are both memory-bound operations, so for all but the smallest matrices, properly optimized code will hide the higher latency of the multiply instructions to achieve the same throughput for both operations, all else being equal (eg, caching, etc.)
the .mul() calls are in-place operations, which has significant advantages for caching
Method overloading means having multiple methods of the same name in the same class that are differentiated by their parameter signature.
Your Exptree type has four possible constructors: Const, Var, Add, and Mul.
For each of those cases, you would do the appropriate operation (add, multiply, lookup a variable in the environment, return a constant).
In the add and mul cases, you would interpret the result of the recursive invocation of eval on the subexpressions (e1 and e2) to see if the value is None or Some(s), and act on it accordingly.
Performing addition and multiplication requires a bit more thought.
Now we can extend our eval function for the Addition and Multiplication cases by calling this function.
The multiplication case follows exactly the same logic, we've just swapped the operator.
I do not believe you can scalar multiply a vec by any vec type.
But muls in thumb mode is only available at all as a 32-bit Thumb2 instruction in  ARMv6T2, so it always supports using the same register as destination and first source.
There is no restriction in ARMv6, and it is believed all relevant ARMv4 and ARMv5 implementations do not require this restriction either, because high performance multipliers read all their operands prior to writing back any results
This way you only need to multiply by 10 in every iteration.
As I have written in my comment, you can avoid a mul by using 10=8+2.
Now you can expand it with mul or any other expression.
this made sure both were series and it was a series .mul which worked just fine... again, not elegant but it works.
It seems as though you need to shift part of the multiplicand into another register after add bx, bx.
So your original code just stores the sum of carries from adding bx to ax, rather than the upper part of the multiplication solution, in dx.
I also chose di for the upper 16 bits of the multiplicand because it's already being used to add the carry to the solution.
You could save a register and speed up your loop by looping on multiplier != 0, instead of always doing 16 trips through the loop.
Then you could keep mult in cx and loop with test cx, cx / jne.
This shows how to multiply two 16-bit values to get a 32-bit value (in two 16-bit registers).
A more efficient and entertaining approach is to subvert the exercise by synthesizing the proscribed unsigned multiplication (mul) out of a signed multiplication (imul).
It varies from GPU to GPU, but in most cases, an rcp (reciprocal) instruction is roughly as expensive as a mul instruction.
A divide ends up being roughly as expensive as a mul + an rcp.
When you do an 8-bit multiplication like mul bl, it takes al, multiplies it by the specified input, and puts the result in ax.
When you do a 16-bit multiplication like mul bx, it takes ax, multiplies it by the specified input, and puts the result in dx:ax (i.e., the 16 most significant bits of the result in dx, and the 16 least significant bits of the result in ax).
(Just for completeness): if you do a 32-bit multiplication like mul ebx, it multiplies eax by ebx, and puts the result in edx:eax (offhand I don't remember for sure, but I'd guess 64-bit multiplication works about the same way).
Reduce by 10% is the same as multiply by 0.9:
In your __mul__ and __add__ methods, you need to return an instance of A, not just some values (unless you are doing in place operations).
This method also allows polymorphism to take place where any object with a .a attribute will work (as long as it is something that can be multiplied).
If multiple columns are involved in a unique index, the individual columns might show MUL rather than UNI because even though the two columns together must always be unique, the individual columns might not be.
UNIQUE index may display as MUL if several columns form a composite UNIQUE index; although the combination of the columns is unique, each column can still hold multiple occurrences of a given value.
(More efficient might be to keep the results of both of the last two multiplies in registers before adding, so we can avoid storing and then doing a memory-destination adc.)
As Jester points out, you can do 32x32 => 64-bit multiply using 4x mul instructions, with appropriate add/adc to add the partial products into the 64-bit result.
(It's possible to optimize away some of the adc [result+6], 0 in cases where carry can't have propagated that far, if you're not doing a multiply-accumulate into an existing non-zero 64-bit value.)
(On more modern x86-64, see [https://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents/white-papers/ia-large-integer-arithmetic-paper.pdf (hyper-link)] for the same thing using 64-bit chunks, and how it gets more efficient with mulx (leaves CF untouched) and also ADOX/ADCX which become useful for larger products with more than 2 input chunks.
Jester's answer is optimized for readability, storing / adding partial products into the result in memory after every multiply.
(Although some of that may come at the expense of extra machine-code size, which on original 8086 and especially 8088 is costly, except when pre-fetching it in the shadow of a slow mul instruction.)
Delaying the add/adc work for the 3rd mul until after the final mul seems to be a good optimization.
I also tried to schedule fast instructions (with no memory access) after mul, to empty the prefetch buffer that will fill up during the very slow mul.
(Assuming we're tuning for actual 8088, where total cost ~= sum of total bytes stored/loaded, including code fetch, except for slow instructions like mul that take extra long, and give code-fetch a chance to fill up the 4 byte buffer.)
The 64-bit XOR result is of course 0 when they match, and GCC knows how to do 32x32 => 64-bit multiply with one mul instruction.
I thought it might be fun to see what it looks like if you do two of the partial products with [SSE2 pmuludq (hyper-link)].
[MULX (hyper-link)] would really be nice for having two explicit outputs, instead of implicit EDX:EAX, as much as for not touching FLAGS.
Keeping an input in the same register and multiplying a couple different things by it into different output registers would save significant mov instructions.
Instead of removing a random expression, it is sufficient to only remove expressions that only contain numbers(like ['mul', 4, 5]), because together with processes 1,2,3 the expression tree can still be transformed into every other possible tree.
Removing expressions that contain only numbers is quite easy, because you can just calculate the expression: ['mul', 4, 5] = 4*5 = 20.
After doing so, I get (from MuL(["A",4])) the following:
The add and sub use simple math, for the mul/div one can use the instruction sll and srl.
For any fixed point code, you need first to determine the number of bits that you need to represent the integer and fraction parts of the number, then you will use the ordinary instructions that do the addition, subtraction, multiplication and dividing to perform your fixed point operations.
This operation is also multiplication/division by base.
As you can see long division is very similar to shift and add multiplication (just shift in opposite direction and substract instead of add)
You are promised to return matrix from the Mul function
in the body of Mul you are modifying member M, which is a serious side effect; remove the part of code:
[code snippet]
instead of implementing a separate function called Mul, overload the * operator (see e.g.
Your threaded method mul should now write to its particular partial_sum slot  only :
Beware: This code runs smoothly, only if N is some integral multiple of p. 
If this condition is not met, due to truncation in N/p, not all elements of the vectors will be processed.
The instructions like mul that [don't do anything special to EIP (hyper-link)] of course can't mispredict, but every kind of jump / call / branch can mispredict to some degree in a pipelined design, even a simple call rel32.
