You can use the package sklearn and its associated preprocessing utilities to normalize the data.
Based on this post: [https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/70801/how-to-normalize-data-to-0-1-range (hyper-link)]

You can create a list of columns that you want to normalize
Your Pandas Dataframe is now normalized only at the columns you want
However, if you want the opposite, select a list of columns that you DON'T want to normalize, you can simply create a list of all columns and remove that non desired ones
Finally, we what we get is the normalized data set.
You might want to have some of columns being normalized and the others be unchanged like some of regression tasks which data labels or categorical columns are unchanged So I suggest you this pythonic way (It's a combination of @shg and @Cina answers ):
If your data is positively skewed, the best way to normalize is to use the log transformation:
If you're using scikit-learn you can use [sklearn.preprocessing.normalize (hyper-link)]:
There is also the function unit_vector() to normalize vectors in the popular [transformations (hyper-link)] module by Christoph Gohlke:
If you have multidimensional data and want each axis normalized to its max or its sum:
If you want to normalize n dimensional feature vectors stored in a 3D tensor, you could also use PyTorch:
Say we have 2D array, which we want to normalize by last axis, while some rows have zero norm.
could be represented like this in a denormalized node:
When normalized, the node will look like this
It traverses all the nodes recursively and calls kid.normalize()
This mechanism is overridden in org.apache.xerces.dom.ElementImpl
You have to normalize the values that you want to pass to the neural net in order to make sure it is in the domain.
You should normalize this value.
In neural networks, it is good idea not just to normalize data but also to scale them.
There are 2 Reasons why we have to Normalize Input Features before Feeding them to Neural Network:
But if we Normalize those Features, Values of both the Features will lie in the Range from (0 to 1).
Consequently, Model Converges slowly, if the Inputs are not Normalized.
When you use unnormalized input features, the loss function is likely to have very elongated valleys.
The standard renormalize option does not work correctly with the LFS filters, so the instructions in the other answers or for example at [https://help.github.com/en/articles/dealing-with-line-endings (hyper-link)], do not work correctly.
Create a new branch from the branch with the line ending problem (assuming no uncommitted changes there): git checkout -b feature/doing-stuff-fix-eol
Remove the LFS filters from .gitattributes (replace all 'filter=lfs diff=lfs merge=lfs ' with nothing)
Commit and push: git commit -a -m "Disable LFS filters for EOL fix"
Move to non-git folder
Uninstall LFS globally: git lfs uninstall
Create a new repository clone: git clone -b feature/doing-stuff-fix-eol [remote repository url] fix-eol
Normalize the line endings: git add --renormalize .
(note the dot to renormalize all files)
Check only the correct files normalized.
The [merge.renormalize (hyper-link)] configuration setting may be useful.
in that the path doesn't need to exist to be normalized.
If you just want to normalize a path, existed or not existed, without touching the file system, without resolving any links, and without external utils, here is a pure Bash function translated from Python's posixpath.normpath.
In python, we have nice libraries like os.path or pathlib, which offers a whole bunch of tools to extract filename, extension, basename, path segments, split or join paths, to get absolute or normalized paths, to determine relations between paths, to do everything without much brain.
For the other case you can write a function to normalize an n-dimensional array by colums:
Since the desired normalized values are floats, the audio and image arrays need to have floating-point point dtype before the in-place operations are performed.
The advantages are that you can adjust normalize the standard deviation, in addition to mean-centering the data, and that you can do this on either axis, by features, or by records.
The numpy array I was trying to normalize was an integer array.
It might be cleaner or more understandable to separate the proof into parts (in this case, we'd pull some part of the destruct (normalize n) ... case out to a new lemma, where we can probably generalize normalize n to any n : bin), but I don't think you gain any power.
When the Atom syndication format was being developed, there was some discussion on how to normalize URLs into canonical format; this is documented in the article [PaceCanonicalIds (hyper-link)] on the Atom/Pie wiki.
You can then divide x by this vector in order to normalize your values such that the maximum value in each column will be scaled to 1.
Slightly modified from: [Python Pandas Dataframe: Normalize data between 0.01 and 0.99?
This will take in a pandas series, or even just a list and normalize it to your specified low, center, and high points.
to allow you to scale down the data away from endpoints 0 and 1 (I had to do this when combining colormaps in matplotlib:[Single pcolormesh with more than one colormap using Matplotlib (hyper-link)]) So you can likely see how the code works, but basically say you have values [-5,1,10] in a sample, but want to normalize based on a range of -7 to 7 (so anything above 7, our "10" is treated as a 7 effectively) with a midpoint of 2, but shrink it to fit a 256 RGB colormap:
You could heatmap based on normalized data where insideout=True:
You can just do x = x / sum(x) if you want to normalize.
Scikit-learn offers a function [normalize() (hyper-link)] that lets you apply various normalizations.
In case you are trying to normalize each row such that its magnitude is one (i.e.
I think you can normalize the row elements sum to 1 by this:
    new_matrix = a / a.sum(axis=1, keepdims=1).
Usually we normalize all of them to have zero mean and go between [-1, 1].
It's asking to normalize the second feature under second column using both feature scaling and mean normalization.
What is the normalized feature x^(3)_1?
Now, normalized form is
Or use sklearn.preprocessing.normalize as a pre-canned function.
so to get the percentages for each class (often called specificity and sensitivity in binary classification) you need to normalize by row: replace each element in a row by itself divided by the sum of the elements of that row.
Now, just set normalize parameter to true:
Nowadays, scikit-learn's confusion matrix comes with a normalize argument; from the [docs (hyper-link)]:
normalize : {'true', 'pred', 'all'}, default=None
Normalizes confusion matrix over the true (rows), predicted (columns) conditions or all the population.
If None, confusion matrix
will not be normalized.
So, if you want the values normalized over all samples, you should use
hist can not only plot an histogram but also return you the count of elements in each bin, so you can get that count, normalize it by dividing each bin by the total and plotting the result using bar.
Another method (more straightforward than method 2) to normalize the histogram is to divide by sum(f * dx) which expresses the integral of the probability density function, i.e.
Scaling is done to Normalize data so that priority is not given to a particular feature.
To solve
  this, the intl library provides the Normalizer class.
This class in
  turn provides the normalize() method, which you can use to convert a
  string to a normalized composed or decomposed form.
So eliminating accents (and similar) is not the purpose of Normalizer.
Normalizer with FORM_D can split the diacritics out from the base characters, then preg_replace can eliminate the diacritics:
I'm not sure about RenderScript, but in GLSL normalize(x) returns vector in the same direction as x but with a unit length (the length is 1).
Generally normalize means casting a value to be in some range.
For example in [Time.normalize(bool) (hyper-link)]
I've managed to implement the normalize function, for normalizing a 3d vector.
This regex produced these results from the table posted (just testing left side) so a replace should normalize.
While it's not normalized, the gain is increased.
Your HTML will now be normalized with regard to attributes.
This is a general way to normalize things.
(parse non-normalized data, then write it back out in normalized form).
I'm not sure why you'd want to Normalize HTML, but there you have it.
From a viewpoint of comparison, it doesn't really matter a whole lot which you choose -- pretty much any normalized string will compare properly with another normalized string.
If you just want to compare two strings that are not already normalized, this is the preferred normalization form unless you know you need compatibility normalization.
[in PHP's normalizer.isnormalized() (hyper-link)].
Note: to test of normalization of little strings (pure UTF-8 or XML-entity references), you can use [this test/normalize online converter (hyper-link)].
Here is a bash script, that parses audiofile volume and then normalizes it according to its volume.
If you would like just normalize the perceived loudness, ffmpeg documentation [suggests to use (hyper-link)] the ​loudnorm filter.
I prefer using this formula when I want to normalize a value between two ranges with known min, max values.
The unicodedata module offers a [.normalize() function (hyper-link)], you want to normalize to the NFC form.
[enter image description here (hyper-link)]Normalizing data means you are pushing all your data to the same scale.You should normalize the 1k samples at a time.
So, to solve it would be to reshape to 2D, feed it to normalize that gives us a 2D array, which could be reshaped back to original shape -
[0..3] because otherwise you'd be trying to normalize column of type string, which fails.
The FullName property will give you the normalized directory name.
Try to normalize the path using the combine() method:
This function will normalize a path that does not exists on your system as well as not add drives letters.
The accepted answer was a great help however it doesn't properly 'normalize' an absolute path too.
Find below my derivative work which normalizes both absolute and relative paths.
(hyper-link)] will normalize the path.
If the path doesn't include the qualifier, it will still be normalized but will return the fully qualified path relative to the current directory, which may not be what you want.
normalize doesn't mean "remove accents".
Just save the below as normalize.py then you can call:
python normalize.py cats.jpg
The parser is already creating a normalized DOM tree.
The normalize() method is useful for when you're building/modifying the DOM, which might not result in a normalized tree, in which case the method will normalize it for you.
You can either normalize or standardize.
After generating trainx, trainy they're not not normalized yet.
So, when normalize=True, trainx will be  normalized by subtracting the mean and dividing by the l2-norm (according to sklearn).
When normalize=False, trainx will remain as is.
If you do normalize=True, every feature column is divided by its L2 norm, in other words, magnitude of every feature column is diminished, which causes the estimated coefficients to be larger (βX should be more or less constant; the smaller X, the larger β).
By contrast, if normalize=False, X is bigger, β is smaller.
In other words: normalize if you know that all you need is the direction and if you're not certain the vector is a unit vector already.
EDIT: I assume that the reason Normalize is being called in your example is so that the direction of velocity can be distinguished from the speed.
You normalize any vector by dividing each component by the magnitude of the vector, which is given by the square root of the sum of squares of components.
For example, if you have a game where an entity A moves towards an entity B at a speed of 5 units/second, you'll get the vector from A to B (which is B - A), you'll normalize it so you only keep the direction toward the entity B from A's viewpoint, and then you'll multiply it by 5 units/second.
As you've pointed out, the [Normalize method (hyper-link)] is not available on the [String class (hyper-link)] on Windows store apps.
However, this just calls the [NormalizeString function (hyper-link)] in the Windows API.
It is because you forgot to add $serializer = new Serializer([$normalizer]) bit.
Based on the limited information given, you would normalize it by turning it into a pure history table.
as one can see at: [http://docs.opencv.org/2.4/modules/core/doc/operations_on_arrays.html#cv2.normalize (hyper-link)], there is a → dst that say that the result of the normalize function is returned as output parameter.
in cv.imshow('dst_rt', self.normalizedImg) line is a typo)
It's giving you a black image because you are probably using different sizes in img and normalizedImg.
When you call cv.imshow() you use self.normalizedImg, instead of normalizedImg.
However I assume this code has been extracted from a class definition, but you must be consistent in naming variables and self.normalizedImg is different from normalizedImg.
You obtain the correct result if you use normalize(x).
In that case the function receives a vector with several numbers as argument, from which a minimum and maximum value can be determined to calculate normalized values.
In contrast, with lapply(x,normalize) you effectively perform a loop which applies the function normalize() to every single element of the vector x.
Then one can obtain the normalized version (according to the function defined in the OP) of every vector in the list x at once.
Whenever you want to normalize data relationships, the first thing you do is list all of the relationships.
I don't know if this is 4NF, but this is as normalized as I would make it.
This also uses ray_direction, and this code makes no sense if ray_direction is not normalized.
So ray_direction will remain unnormalized, and thus this code becomes dysfunctional.
Whom (what authority) do you expect to deliver a normalized view on these tags?
If you want to normalize this then you would have to provide a normalization mapping on your own but then again you will not succeed as you would have to include all the new tags created.
When listing songs show all tags don't try to show a normalized view.
The data is already normalized so running normalize on it by itself may not get the exact affect you are looking for.
The normalize parameter works the same way [sklearn.preprocessing.normalizer (hyper-link)] which is different than the Standard Scaler.
The main difference is the normalizer will act on rows (observations) while the standard scaler will act on columns.
[Difference between standardscaler and Normalizer in sklearn.preprocessing (hyper-link)].
One way we can test this is to use the [normalize function (hyper-link)] and compare how it performs relative to passing the parameter.
(f_normalize is the same function that is linked).
I think you can try this and see if you get the same result as just using the normalize parameter.
One has to interprete that normalize parameter to be standardize in sklearn.linear_model Ridge or RidgeCV.
That parameter normalize should be corrected to standardize.
I guess it depends on your use case, but in general I don't think there's much of a need to normalize cosine similarity scores as they are already on a 0 to 1 scale.
The normalize function is intended to be a 'quick and easy' option to normalise a single vector/matrix.
Normalizer is what's known as a 'utility class'.
It just wraps the normalize function in Sklearn's Transformer API.
As stated in the [documentation (hyper-link)], this makes the Normalizer class well-suited for use in Sklearn's [Pipeline class (hyper-link)].
The functionality of normalize and Normalizer is identical.
See the sklearn.preprocessing.normalizer [documentation (hyper-link)] for more details.
Normalizer is an example of a transformer.
Difference Between Normalize and Normalizer
Normalize does not have fit, transform and fit_transform methods.
Normalizer is wrapped in sklearn's Transformer API in order to provide the Transformer methods.
Therefore Normalizer allows the normalize function to be used with the fit, transform and fit_transform methods, which in turn allows it to be used as part of a Pipeline.
Because there is no model to fit when normalising data (technically because, normalize is stateless apart from the configuration parameters, e.g.
There may be other reasons for having the Transformer API available to normalize but its use as part of a Pipeline is the most common.
You must inject serializer into normalizer.
Use $normalizer->setSerializer($this->get('))
Bootstrap already uses [normalize.css (hyper-link)].
Note that normalize.css is now at v3.0.0-rc.1 so you may want to look at the CHANGELOG or diff and evaluate whether you'd like to use them on your site.
It looks to me like you're trying to compute the normalized cross-correlation of two images (I suspect you're probably trying to do template matching?).
This answer assumes that the normalized cross-correlation is what you want.
When you compute the normalized cross-correlation between your two images, you're doing the equivalent of subtracting the mean and dividing by the standard deviation to both your template and reference image in the region where they overlap.
You should read the [Wikipedia article on cross-correlation (hyper-link)], and in particular [this bit (hyper-link)] for the definition of normalized cross-correlation and some explanation for what each of the terms mean.
[This article by Lewis (1995) (hyper-link)] has a more in-depth explanation, and also describes some neat tricks for efficiently computing the normalized cross-correlation.
I also wrote my own Python functions for template matching including normalized cross-correlation based on Lewis and some snippets of MATLAB.
Normalized Cross-Correlation (NCC) is also included in scikit-image as skimage.feature.match_template.
Here is an example (Note that this normalizes each column):
As @Mr.T already mentioned in the comment, your code runs fine, it normalizes the data with respect to the whole array.
Then call Normalizer.normalize() to decompose the "é" into "e" and a separate diacritical mark.
In order transform absolute mouse coordinates into [0,1] range (required for a texture sample), you don't need normalize function.
After doing so, you can apply the "Normalize" filter weka.classifiers.functions.LibSVM.
Don't convert nominals/categoricals into floats(/integers), and then normalize them.
The normalization of the line endings though is an API that is exposed by Visual Studio in IEditorOperations::NormalizeLineEndings.
You can create a bat file that normalize all files recursively.
If your data is normalized, the TODO will be updated in both places (well, there will really only be one instance of the TODO which is simply referred to from multiple places).
But if it's not normalized, the department will have a stale copy of the todo.
Also, I don't always normalize my React code, but I find that not normalizing ends up making my code sloppier over time.
In non-normalized code, I just start throwing values into places they really probably shouldn't be simply out of convenience.
(0,0,0) should be (0,0,0) normalized plus a warning (or exception) maybe.
Mathematically speaking, the zero vector cannot be normalized.
Let us remember that a normalized vector is one that has ||v||=1.
You can never normalize that.
The normalized form of v=0 is indeed v=0.
The zero vector is already normalized, under any definition of the norm of a vector that I've ever come across, so that's one case dealt with.
With the plain old L2-norm (Euclidean distance between origin and vector) the standard formula for calculating the normalized vector should work fine since it first squares the individual components.
As has already been mentioned several times, you can't normalize a zero vector.
Return a bit indicating if the vector was successfully normalized, in addition to the result if successful
Given a vector v, to normalize it means keeping its direction and making it unit-length by multiplying it by a well-chosen factor.
I would suggest that whatever procedure you would like to use your vector for, and that requires this vector to be normalized, is not well-defined for zero vectors.
Mathematically speaking, the zero vector cannot be normalized.
It all depends on how you define "normalize".
I think the as3 [normalize (hyper-link)] function is just a way to scale a unit vector:
Port from the AS3 Point Class, parameter is the same as shown in the livedocs ([http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionscript/3/flash/geom/Point.html#normalize() (hyper-link)] )
Adding another approach with np.repeat and np.concatenate with json_normalize
I'm assuming you want to normalize value1 and value2 separately.
Your desired result suggests that you actually want to normalize the values in each name group with reference to the elements in value1 and value2.
In this case, you're accidentally running [Node.prototype.normalize (hyper-link)], which you can see exists:
The Node.prototype.normalize method (quoting the MDN link above)...
...puts the specified node and all of its sub-tree into a "normalized" form.
In a normalized sub-tree, no text nodes in the sub-tree are empty and there are no adjacent text nodes.
Then replace encodedFileName.normalize('NFD') for
These are all symptoms of denormalized data, and highlight why you should always model for normalized data.
In this dataset, if you have to normalize, then it is column-wise.
To normalize column-wise:
MATLAB has no built-in method that normalizes an array.
If it weren't normalized, it would break in at least one browser.
Operations in 2D and 3D computer graphics are often performed using copies of vectors that have been normalized ie.
To normalize a vector means to change it so that it points in the same direction (think of that line from the origin) but its length is one.
But the procedure or concept of "normalize" refers to the process of making something standard or “normal.”
To normalize a vector, therefore, is to take a vector of any length and, keeping it pointing in the same direction, change its length to 1, turning it into what is called a unit vector.
We split and then compute the statistics over the train set and use them to normalize and center the validation and test datasets
If you do not have non-normalized urls saved in the NormalizedURLField fields, overriding to_python and from_db_value is unnecessary.
If you already have non-normalized values in your db that you want converted when fetching from the database then you will still want to implement from_db_value as you have done.
As @larsmans points out, you may want to use sklearn.preprocessing.Normalizer instead of the StandardScaler or, similarly, remove the mean centering from the StandardScaler by passing the keyword argument with_mean=False.
To transform to logarithms, you need positive values, so translate your range of values (-1,1] to normalized (0,1] as follows
There is no good standard way to normalize scores with lucene.
But you can implement something called normalized score ([Scores As Percentages (hyper-link)]) which is not recommended.
You cannot simply normalize the score to compare the performance between queries.
Think of a query which all retrieved documents are highly relevant and received the same (high score), and on another query that the retrieved list comprise barley relevant document (again, with the same score) - now, no matter the per-query normalization you make - the normalized score will be the same.
The [normalize (hyper-link)] function either takes the square (L2 Norm) or absolute value (L1 Norm).
You can just keep a copy of the unnormalized data somewhere.
The histogram should be normalized to unit area so that it can be compared with the theoretical pdf.
To normalize to unit area you need to divide by the number of samples and by the bin width:
Or use the new [histogram (hyper-link)] function (introduced in R2014b), which automatically normalizes according to the specified normalization option:
JDOM does not have a direct 'normalize' concept.
On the other hand, your intention is to output the XML in some format, and all the JDOM Output mechanisms will normalize the data for you.
So, for example, if you want to output the JDOM document as plain XML text, you can use the XMLOutputter class in org.jdom2.output and use an appropriate org.jdom2.output.Format instance (say, Format.getPrettyFormat() - do not use getRawFormat() as the raw formatter will not normalize the output at all).
Each of these will produce a 'Normalized' output.
Next you can use json_normalize on the value column, then rejoin it to the variable column like so:
This is an effect of the normalize call.
Do you need to normalize?
It is better for address storage to treat these as independent attributes rather than trying to normalize them.
First result googling "PyGame Rect Normalize":
The canonical tool for normalizing audio signals is called... wait for it... [normalize (hyper-link)].
[https://www.w3.org/TR/xpath-functions/#func-normalize-space (hyper-link)] says:
So normalize-space($e) evaluates to the empty string '' and exists of a non-empty sequence like the one with a single string (even if an empty string) returns true.
The ffmpeg-normalize tool allows you to set an audio encoder as well, using the -a, --acodec <acodec> option.
For example, to EBU R128-normalize a bunch of WAV files and encode them to MP3 with libmp3lame:
Vector3 shootDirection = (mousePosition - shootpoint.transform.position).normalized;
If you are only interested in x and y you should rather use a [Vector2 (hyper-link)] and normalize that one:
That is more normalized than what you got.
When you normalize a matrix using NORM_L1, you are dividing every pixel value by the sum of absolute values of all the pixels in the image.
The other answers normalize an image based on the entire image.
To get around this limitation, we can normalize the image based on a subsection region of interest (ROI).
Essentially we will normalize based on the section of the image that we want to enhance instead of equally treating each pixel with the same weight.
So to obtain a better result we can crop a ROI, normalize based on the ROI, and then apply the normalization back onto the original image.
From here we normalize the original image to this new range.
Normalized on entire image -> heatmap
Normalized on ROI -> heatmap
To normalize a vector in math means to divide each of its elements
to some value V so that the length/norm of the resulting vector is 1.
So its corresponding normalized vector is:
[http://www.fundza.com/vectors/normalize/ (hyper-link)]
[http://mathworld.wolfram.com/NormalizedVector.html (hyper-link)]
Normalize in this case essentially means to convert the value in your original scale to a value on a different scale.
I used the normalize function and it worked (Java):
[http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/net/URI.html#normalize() (hyper-link)]
You can do this with the [Restlet (hyper-link)] framework using [Reference.normalize() (hyper-link)].
URI's normalize() does not do this.
The RL library:
[https://github.com/backchatio/rl (hyper-link)]
goes quite a ways beyond java.net.URL.normalize().
In Java, normalize parts of a URL
I would suggest not to use normalize in sklearn as it does not deal with NaNs.
You can simply use below code to normalize your data.
This method normalize all the columns to [0,1], and NaN remains being NaN
sklearn.preprocessing.Normalizer is not about 0 mean, 1 stdev normalization like the other answers to date.
Normalizer() is about scaling rows to unit norm e.g.
If Google brought you here (like me) and you want to normalize columns to 0 mean, 1 stdev using the estimator API you can use [sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler (hyper-link)].
You could create a PRE_SUBMIT FormEvent in which you normalize the username.
A year is always 12 months, 12 months are always a year, thus these parts of the period can easily be normalized.
If you have a period of 1 year, 1 month and 32 days, you cannot normalize this to 1 year, 2 months and then a fixed amount of days, because it might be 1 day, 2 days, 3 days or 4 days, depending on which date you will apply the period on.
Thus it is impossible to normalize days in a period and the days are not touched when normalizing.
So it can't load ruby gems, I would suggest to install the npm version of normalize-scss.
It's difficult to determine without the full context of the code, however one solution is to change the normalize execution to occur before validation and not after:
One approach (not using pd.json_normalize) is to iterate through a list of the unique campsites and convert the data for each campsite to a DataFrame.
Since Elixir 1.2 there is a [String.normalize/2 (hyper-link)] function.
If you type h String.normalize inside iex, you'll get the right information and some examples.
Check out this post, hopefully it'll answer your question: [Is it possible to apply normalize-space to all nodes XPath expression finds?
As you noted, the XPath 2.0 expression //*[@slot="address"]/normalize-space(.)
Your expression works in XPath 2.0, but is illegal in XPath 1.0 (which is used in Java) - it should be normalize-space(//*[@slot='address']).
Anyway, in XPath 1.0, when normalize-space() is called on a node-set, only the first node (in document order) is taken.
In order to do what you want to do, you'll need to use a XPath 2.0 compatible parser, or traverse the resulting node-set and call normalize-space() on every node:
[http://normalize.nongnu.org/ (hyper-link)]
[https://neon1.net/prog/normalizer.html (hyper-link)]
portable_file_name.normalize();
If there is a relatively high probability that a vector is already normalized, you might want to check if mag is equal to 1.0.
Say you want to add two vectors and normalize the result.
The [addressable (hyper-link)] gem will normalize these for you:
Because the paths are file paths based on the root of the server, we can play games using Ruby's [File.absolute_path (hyper-link)] method to normalize the '.'
There's a revised version of the normalize function (which is slightly more robust) in the Transition document.
You'll get the blank params if you only switch the order on the line with normalize: function(....  You also have to switch it on the return this._super(... line.
DDVideo Video to MP4 Gain can batch conversion and normalizer videos or musics files at the same sound level(from 75db to 105 db) without loss of original sound quality.it can resize or keep the original video size.very great and useful.
Your normalize function would be called when the request is successful and would be passed the response data (in the DS example above, this happens with the json = adapter.ajaxSuccess(jqXHR, json); call.
After normalization, you resolve the promise with the normalized data which was done with the Ember.run(null, resolve, json); call.
I created Initialize.css, a collection of best practices like normalize and made it configurable with scss (there is a css version as well).
You could use the function defined by [https://towardsdatascience.com/flattening-json-objects-in-python-f5343c794b10 (hyper-link)], as follows, and then use json_normalize :
The other option if you had a lot more elements would be to use the flatten_json and json_normalize functions directly on the nested element you want.
The meaning is that you should replace each column vector with its corresponding normalized [versor (hyper-link)].
If it were, pd.json_normalize would have been able to still flatten it as a nested json.
For this case, you can use pd.json_normalize with a different record_path and then combine the 2 together to create a single flat table.
Only pd.json_normalize(data) would have been sufficient.
In case the problem is caused by a space-like character(s), here is a solution that will replace the unwanted (up to 40 per text node) characters with spaces and then normalize-space() would do its work:
So, I find the good Normalizer, it's the "Akeneo\Pim\Enrichment\Component\Product\Normalizer\InternalApi\ProductNormalizer
"
To normalize divide by max value.
There's a function json_normalize() in pandas (not sure about the correct version)
I assume that you want to normalize each column.
There are two ways you can normalize:
Why anyone ever use option 2 to normalize?
Since dimensions with large variance will dominate the dissimilarity measure, you normalize the variance to one.
So, now based on datenum you may 'normalize' as it suits best for you.
u_LightPos and v_Position differed by too much, resulting in a value that was too large to properly normalize.
See class [info.olteanu.utils.TextNormalizer (hyper-link)] in Phramer project ([http://sourceforge.net/projects/phramer/ (hyper-link)] , www.phramer.org ) for a way to get a normalizer both in Java 5 (SUN JDK) and in Java 6, without any compilation issues (the code will compile in any version >= 5 and the code will run in both JVMs, although SUN discarded the Java 5 proprietary class).
A normalize() method is provided to correct this.
The docs say that normalize is used as a workaround for DST issues:
A normalize() method is provided to correct this.
UTC) then it's not necessary to use normalize.
Alternatively, you could renormalize the values in the range [-0.5, 0.5] to be unsigned integers in the range [0, 255].
I think a clean way to do this is to derive your own class from nn.Normalize.
Just create a file like PartialNormalize.lua , and proceed like this (it is easy but a bit time-consuming to developp, so I'm just mostly giving you pseudo-code) :
Also, I'd like to note that nn.normalize is not equivalent to the (X - mean(x)) / std(x) which is also called normalization.
axis : 0 or 1, optional (1 by default) axis used to normalize the data
  along.
If 1, independently normalize each sample, otherwise (if 0)
  normalize each feature.
sklearn defaults to normalize rows with the [L2 normalization (hyper-link)].
actually normalize is used before any changing in field so it's used before onBlur event, but you are trying to use it in wrong way.
More details about normalize you can find on [https://redux-form.com/8.2.2/examples/normalizing/ (hyper-link)]
I started to translate it, but then I figured out that I could get the normalized path that I wanted with one function call: GetLongPathName().
I discovered that GetLongPathName("foo.txt") just returns foo.txt, but just by prepending ./ to the filename I got the expansion to normalized form:
[Normalize CSS (hyper-link)] aims to make built-in browser styling consistent across browsers.
If your design a) follows common conventions for typography et cetera, and b) Normalize.css works for your target audience, then using Normalize.CSS instead of a CSS reset will make your own CSS smaller and faster to write.
I work on normalize.css.
Normalize.css preserves useful defaults rather than "unstyling" everything.
For example, elements like sup or sub "just work" after including normalize.css (and are actually made more robust) whereas they are visually indistinguishable from normal text after including reset.css.
So, normalize.css does not impose a visual starting point (homogeny) upon you.
Normalize.css corrects some common bugs that are out of scope for reset.css.
Normalize.css doesn't clutter your dev tools.
This is not such an issue with normalize.css because of the targeted stylings.
Normalize.css is more modular.
Normalize.css has better documentation.
The normalize.css code is documented inline as well as more comprehensively in the [GitHub Wiki (hyper-link)].
I've written in greater detail about this in an article [about normalize.css (hyper-link)]
Normalize.css is mainly a set of styles, based on what its author thought would look good, and make it look consistent across browsers.
Some styles from Reset, some from Normalize.css.
For example, from Normalize.css, there's a style to make sure all input elements have the same font, which doesn't occur (between text inputs and textareas).
On the other hand Normalize.css uses the standard structure and also fixes almost all the errors existing in it.
Normalize fixes this by modifying this features so your elements will be shown the same on all browsers.
normalizations then use normalize.css.
But if you choose to use both reset.css and normalize.css, link the reset.css stylesheet first and then the normalize.css stylesheet (immediately) afterwards.
Normalize.css - as the name suggests, it normalizes styles in the browsers for their user agents, i.e.
Normalize.css will make it consistent.
Current status: the npm repository shows that [normalize.css package (hyper-link)] has currently more than 500k downloads per week.
Current status: it's much less popular than Normalize.css, the [reset-css (hyper-link)] package shows it's something around 26k downloads per week.
Normalize.css :Every browser is coming with some default css styles that will, for example, add padding around a paragraph or  title.If you add the normalize style sheet all those browser default rules will be reset so for this instance 0px padding on  tags.Here is a couple of links for more details: [https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/ (hyper-link)] [http://nicolasgallagher.com/about-normalize-css/ (hyper-link)]
Normalize.css
Normalize.css is a small CSS file that provides cross-browser consistency in the default styling of HTML elements.
That means, that if we look at the W3C standards of the styles applied by the browsers, and there is an in inconsistency in one of the browsers, the normalize.css styles will fix the browser style that has the difference.
In these cases the fixes in the Normalize will apply the IE or EDGE styles to the rest of the browsers.
Yes, as explained in [the documentation (hyper-link)], what normalize does, is scaling individual samples, independently to others:
This is additionally explained in [the documentation of the Normalizer class (hyper-link)]:
The .normalize() is only supported in iOS 10 because its es6 feature, check [here (hyper-link)] for the browsers compatibility, you can use this [polyfill (hyper-link)] in your project.
I'm assuming that you want to normalize each channel separately.
If all of your features are within a similar range of each other then theres no real need to standardize/normalize.
A popular application is image processing, where pixel intensities have to be normalized to fit within a certain range (i.e., 0 to 255 for the RGB color range).
If you're going to normalize or scale one feature, you should do the same for the rest.
In Excel, if you want the normalized data to have a min of 0 and and max of 20, then we need to solve:
It seems like the setScaling receives the tuples of min-max in the dimension you want to normalize in the parameter sensor_limits:
On the other hand, normalize() receives the actual dimension in the parameter sensors and does the calculation with the tuples (min-max) specified in sensor_limits:
It doesn't normalize ports, but it should be simple to whip up a function that does.
The [no longer maintained] [urltools (hyper-link)] module normalizes multiple slashes, .
There is now a library dedicated this exact problem [url-normalize (hyper-link)]
I used @Antony's answer above and used the [url-normalize (hyper-link)] library, but it has one bug that is not currently fixed: When a URL is sent without a scheme, is accidentally sets it to HTTPS.
If you normalize in 2NF you wont lose any relations, rather you will get another relation.
To answer the question, but not your description of it, yes, you can normalize from 1NF to 3NF without stopping at 2NF in the process.
normalize them to 2NF and no higher, then
normalize them to 3NF and no higher, then
normalize them to BCNF and no higher.
Because you can't normalize to 2NF unless you can identify partial-key dependencies, and you can't do that unless you know all the candidate keys.
To normalize to 2NF, identify all the partial-key dependencies, and eliminate them by projection.
This is due to an (or a potential [1]) inconsistency in the concept of scaling in sklearn.linear_model.base.center_data: If normalize=True, then it will divide by the norm of each column of the design matrix, not by the standard deviation .
For what it's worth, the keyword normalize=True will be deprecated from sklearn version 0.17.
Thus the minimal penalty yielding a zero solution is alpha_max = np.abs(X.T.dot(y)).max() / n_samples (for normalize=False).
[1] I say potential inconsistency, because normalize is associated to the word norm and thus at least linguistically consistent :)
This can also be achieved by acting on the penalty: A lasso estimator with normalize=True with its penalty scaled down by np.sqrt(n_samples) acts like a lasso estimator with normalize=False (on your type of data, i.e.
In Lasso, if you set normalize=True, every column will be divided by its L2 norm (i.e., sd*sqrt(n)) before fitting a lasso regression.
just add /text() in the end, as you are trying to normalize it, not the node)
if you are seeing a significant slowdown with normalized tables.
In general, an insert-heavy database should be more normalized than a reporting-heavy database.
create a by-the-book normalized DB and then see what can be denormalized to achieve the optimal speed gain.
Actually, inserts usually behave well on fully normalized DBs so if it is insert heavy this shouldn't be a factor.
Before you denormalize and sacrifice accuracy try other techniques: can you get a faster server, connection, db driver, etc?
Create some views on your fully normalized tables right now.
Then if you denormalize later, create a new table as above, drop the view, rename the new base table whatever the view was.
On an insert-heavy database, I'd definitely start with normalized tables.
Only if this does not help, you should try denormalized tables.
The reason is that denormalized database design tend to be become difficult to work with.
You'll need some metrics so do some stress-testing on the database in order to decide wether or not you wan't to denormalize.
So normalize for maintainability but denormalize for optimization.
Here's another approach using dplyr and your normalize function.
If you did not normalize A and B you would end up with attribute A completely overpowering attribute B when applying any standard distance metric.
Then nan can be handled by replacing them with {} and this allows you to normalize you df.
Also: see [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9296568/matlab-normalize-data-into-deciles (hyper-link)]
The output is a list of arrays for the normalized values
To answer this we probably need more information about your data, but in general, when discussing 3 channel images for example, we would normalize using the per-channel min and max.
Assuming you're working with image data of shape (W, H, 3), you should probably normalize over each channel (axis=2) separately, as mentioned in the other answer.
You can either decide to normalize over the whole batch of images or normalize per single image.
If you want to do the same as Tensorflow's [tf.image.per_image_standardization (hyper-link)] you should normalize per single image with the mean of this image.
Gensim instances of KeyedVectors (the common interface of sets of word-vectors) contain a method init_sims(), which internally calculates unit-length normalized vectors using a native vector operation for speed.
When certain operations that are usually conducted on unit-normalized vectors are attempted for the 1st time, this init_sims() will be automatically called, and the model will cache the normalized vectors in a model property (vectors_norm) – roughly doubling the RAM consumption.
Note that while things like finding the nearest-neighbors of a word, as in the common most_similar() operation, traditionally use unit-normalized vectors, there are sometimes downstream applications where the raw vectors are useful.
(Also, in a full Word2Vec model, if you're going to do additional incremental training, that should happen on raw vectors, not normalized vectors.)
As noted in this question, [Separating Unicode ligature characters (hyper-link)], the Java [Normalizer (hyper-link)] implementation does not support all of the ligatures that exist in written language.
is it possible to normalize a path to a file or directory that does not exist?
In 8086 programming (MS DOS), a far pointer is normalized if its offset part is between 0 and 15 (0xF).
If you multiply the normalized array by 9 you get values from 0 to 9, which you need to shift back by 1:
Those are per definition normalized to 1.
So yes, you should normalize your distributions.
Similarly, =:= is an equivalence relation on types, so it's known that there is a function normalize (maybe there are even many such functions) selecting a representative in every equivalence class but how to prefer a specific one (how to define or construct the output explicitly for any specific input)?
Actually I guess your normalize sounds like you want some caching.
Then if you asked to calculate normalize(typ) you should check whether in the cache there is already a t such that t =:= typ.
This satisfies your requirement: A =:= B if and only if normalize(A) == normalize(B) (normalize(A).hashCode == normalize(B).hashCode should follow from normalize(A) == normalize(B)).
Then normalize(fooType) == nextAppliedType should be true.
Denormalized are less than 2^{-126} and the fraction part has no implicit set leading bit, so basically a denormalized floating-point number is 0.mantissa * 2^{-126}
You can locate the strong element, get the following text sibling and normalize it:
Using the above you can omit normalize-space from your XPath expression and, instead, create a reusable sanitization function using [Scrapy Input Processors (hyper-link)] like so:
can be used now to normalize samples which were calculated with any other frequency.
The program has its own normalize function.
These midpoints are in the wrong position to sit on the surface of a sphere, so the normalize function is used to equalize the radius of each interpolated point from the centre of the sphere with the radius of the existing points.
I don't know why you find the normalize function a mystery.
If you want you can normalize your features also with this approach.
When you have a column with a single time value consisting of hour, minute, second, you don't normalize it into 3 columns.
When you have, like in your case, two time values, a time range so to say, in one column, you absolutely normalize it.
to normalize against the sum to ensure that the sum is always 1.0 (or as close to as possible).
to normalize against the maximum
How long is the list you're going to normalize?
if your list has negative numbers, this is how you would normalize it
This particular code will put the raw into one column, then normalize by column per row.
Note : this is a scaler and not a normalizer.
When selecting attributes from a nested object you ned to do it like [AbstractNormalizer::ATTRIBUTES => ['flatAttr', 'nestedOject'=>['flatAttrFromNestedObj']]]
Instead, you should normalize that in case some day you have to add deduction31 you don't have to do an ALTER TABLE and schluff around all your SQL to accomodate.
First, you should not use Normalizer in this case.
It doesn't normalize across features.
If you normalize that, you'll end up with one table for the employees (containing DEPT_CD as a foreign key), one for the departments, one for the skills, and another one for the relationship between employees and skills, holding the "skill years" for each tuple of EMP_ID and SKILL_CD (my teacher would have called the latter an "associative entity").
It seems like IE-11 can't normalize elements that are already part of your document If your developers toolbar is open.
If, however, you are working with nodes that are already part of your document, the normalize function doesn't work if your developer toolbar is open:
If you really want, what you can do is extract the nodes from the document and add them after you normalize them:
Note that for IE8 (forced by using <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=EmulateIE8"> in IE-11) the normalize() function works for both elements that are in the DOM tree and elements that are not, even with the developers toolbar was open.
I'm not too familiar with DOM.normalize() but if you're already using jQuery, manipulating the contents of an element is quite easy.
Here is a sub that normalizes the numbers in a rectangular range.
You can decide on what range you want to normalize and then pass that range to this sub:
As far as I searched, there is no way to get a normalized score out of elastic.
Then you can shoot your actual query and use functional_score to normalize the score.
Pass the max_score you got as part of the pilot query in params to function_score and use it to normalize every score.
This will populate the DateInterval in a normalized way.
You normalize with [unicodedata.normalize (hyper-link)]:
But this just means that when normalising you may end up with normalized probabilities that are either very close to zero, or if smaller than the smallest representable floating point value, equal to zero.
To normalize for each row, you can use apply and then subtract the minimum from each column and divide by the difference between maximum and minimum:
Normalized matrix will be updated in mydata
If you normalize to your data to be between -1 and 1 then surely the data will change, thus the mean.
If you "normalize" you can not avoid that.
The above answer by Ander got me thinking that to perform the action I was trying to get at it would best to treat positive and negative values separately and then merge the results from the "normalized" squished/stretched result.
I think what you posted as the final solution isn't the normalized value exactly.
norm normalizes a vector so that its sum of squares are 1.
If you want to normalize the vector so that all its elements are between 0 and 1, you need to use the minimum and maximum value, which you can then use to denormalize again.
Denormalize that vector after normalization
The sample code shows how to normalize the depth data using a CVPixelBuffer extension:
Try using the Accelerate Framework vDSP vector functions.. here is a normalize in two functions.
to change the cvPixel buffer to a 0..1 normalized range
Now, for accessing the max and min values of the counters from the Reduce function, we can simply get them in a setup method before the execution of all reducer instances and use them for computing the new normalized values of each key-value pair.
We can find the max and min values at the Map stage while turning each line of the input file into key-value pairs, and compute the normalized grade for each student (using the max and min values of course) at the Reduce stage as seen below:
To normalize a set of numbers that may contain negative values,
and to define the normalized scale's range:
[Full Tilt JS (hyper-link)] normalizes the data values between Android and iOS deviceorientation implementations.
You can use it to normalize pathnames stored in variables as follows:
Alternatively you could set them to new, normalized columns and keep the originals if you want.
So, importPath: require('node-normalize-scss').includePaths should, hopefully, work for you.
You need to change normalize to -
So I force the library with a tagging to see the verb as a noun so it will  normalize the word correctly.
The way how you normalize the fft depends on your application and the final performance.
In one of my application, I didn't normalize and input the raw fft to the neural network.
One common way to normalize is taking the logarithm.
This would look something like Runtime.getRuntime().exec("bash -c normalize-audio out/*.wav");.
[normalize (hyper-link)] was only added in ES2015.
IE11 doesn't support virtually any of ES2015, including normalize.
You'll need a polyfill, or to not use normalize.
Adding the [unorm (hyper-link)] polyfill will provide support for normalize.
I've solved my issue, by changing the term to this:
<xsl:value-of select="normalize-space(preceding-sibling::title)"/>
But if title element is truly the context node, the most simple way to get the normalized string value of title element is to use normalize-space(string(.)).
By "normalize" do you just mean making everything lowercase?
as the parameter of normalize-space()), the engine automatically converts the node to the string value of the node, which for an element is all the text nodes within the element concatenated.
and assuming <a> is your current node, normalize-space(.)
will return Foo Bar lish, but normalize-space(text()) will fail, because text() returns a nodeset of two text nodes (Foo and lish), which normalize-space() doesn't accept.
To cut a long story short, if you want to normalize all the text within an element, use ..
This is an implementation detail, and as far as I know there is no way to subscribe to recurring resize events or "normalize" it.
Normalized x is(1.4 /2.13 , 1.6/2.13)
The only remaining problem is, that this algorithm does not handle duplicate values with the same normalized value.
ggplot2 makes it relatively straightforward to plot normalized histograms of groups with unequal size.
This is already normalized by default.
So you have multiply by 2 in order for the total density of each group to be individually normalized to 1.
It has been suggested for a future version of the ANSI standard under the syntax NORMALIZE(string, NFC) but it's going to be a long time before this makes it to the real world.
However, SVMs do more tricks (see my 5 ideas) and the weight vector actually is normalized to be in a relationship to the margin between the two classes.
After researching and observing I noticed that the code which was used at the time of signing up can be used to normalize email at the time of login, I just had to add:
After adding the email was converting to normalized one and can be used directly from requests.
You just need to pass options inside normalizeEmail ():
That's not what normalize does.
Each specific form is
selected by a flag passed to normalize function:
Even though I am not too much acquainted with pytorch documentation, a quick look at it shows that the first parameter for Normalize is for the mean of the dataset and the second parameter is for the standard deviation.
To normalize using these two parameters with tensorflow.js, the following can be used
torchvision.transforms.Normalize() normalize a tensor image with mean and standard deviation.
Given mean: (mean[1],...,mean[n]) and std: (std[1],..,std[n]) for n channels, this transform will normalize each channel of the input tensor i.e., output[channel] = (input[channel] - mean[channel]) / std[channel] .
So, I seperately normalized each channel and combined them again.
One side-effect is that it produces the schema for a properly normalized database.
But the best solution is that you should be able to fully understand how to normalize forms, for how long you will be dependent on any tools to do this for you?
It seems you need reshape first and then [normalize (hyper-link)]:
There are many ways to normalize the data prior to training a model, some depends on the task, data type (tabular, image, signals) and data distribution.
But if the homogenized coordinates are the image pixel positions normalized to a standard range, ie -1.0 to 1.0, then we are talking about coordinate values all of whom are kind of in the same range , Eg: (0.75, -0.89, 1.0).
If the image coordinates are of dramatically different ranges(as in the unnormalized case), then the DLT matrix produced will have a bad condition number,  and consequently small variations in input image pixel positions, could produce wide variations in the result.
You need to ensure that PAYLOAD is JSON before you try to normalize it.
I realize that this answer departs somewhat from the OP's initial question, but if you just want to normalize American vs. British English spelling variants, you can look here for a manageably sized list (~1,700 replacements): [http://www.tysto.com/uk-us-spelling-list.html (hyper-link)].
Is there a way to normalize non-deterministic FSMs?
The normalized DFA for the NFA is using different collections of the states of NFA as DFA's states, for example, {state0} -(1)-> {state1, state2} to remove the non-deterministic part, there is no way to avoid the state explosion as DFA has to do that to represent the language.
This is not consumed by json_normalize directly (after my tries).
On some context (displaying) it is important to make the distinction (also in English, in past letter s had two representation), but to read or to analyse, one want the semantic letter (so normalized).
So "normalize" means to transform the same string into an unique Unicode representation.
As this is written the postAdapter and the normalize are independent of each other.
What's happening here is that normalize is attempting the map the data into entities, but it ends up with the key as undefined because it is using the default key of id which has an undefined value.
The postAdapter then tries to find the selectId on this data which has already been normalized.
But the postAdapter is not looking at a single post object -- it is looking at the nested data created by normalize.
It's possible that normalize is not really necessary here.
If you want to use normalize and have it work properly then you need to set the idAttribute on the options argument ([docs link (hyper-link)]).
Your implementation would indeed normalize along the row-axis (I'm not sure what you mean by second dimension as rows are usually the first dimension of matrices, and numpy starts with dimension 0).
A more efficient, or clean implementation might be to use sklearn.preprocessing.normalize.
For example, Business Intelligence could use schema that are deliberately not fully normalized (e.g.
According to this [link (hyper-link)] you can do this easily using Encog.Util.Arrayutil.NormalizeArray like so :
You only normalize the copy.
MORE EDITS:
try first normalize vectors, and then add them to list...
As CodesInChaos said, Vector2.Normalize is a badly designed method (the reason for this decision is probably out of performance considerations, but that doesn’t help us here).
Note that we cannot simply modify axes[i] by writing axes[i].Normalize() – this is arguably (and in my opinion) another design flaw in .NET.
XMVector3NormalizeEst does what your first function does: performs the reciprocal and then multiplies.
XMVector3Normalize does what your second function does: performs a divide.
It doesn't make sense to try to normalize these columns directly.
In this case, you could use a scaler such as MinMaxScaler for the numerical columns (or keras' Normalize), and then one hot encode the categorical columns as:
If you just want to normalize the categorical column, you can just feed a Series to the scaler, rather than the entire dataframe:
Or similarly with keras' normalize:
You need to normalize the data first always.
You should normalize the data before doing PCA.
Normalize the data at first.
Actually some R packages, useful to perform PCA analysis, normalize data automatically before performing PCA.
If the variables have different units or describe different characteristics, it is mandatory to normalize.
the answer is the 3rd option as after doing pca we have to normalize the pca output as the whole data will have completely different standard.
we have to normalize the dataset before and after PCA as it will more accuarate.
May you see detail in this link
[enter link description here (hyper-link)]
Assuming the X matrix has been normalized before PCA.
The first and obvious thing I'd do would be to cache the normalized words in a local dict, as to avoid calling morph.normalize() more than once for a given word.
Afterwards, normalize the training and testing data based on the mean and standard deviation of the training data.
Now you call normalize-space() on that node-set.
The type of the sole argument of normalize-space() is string?.
Thus, you end up calling normalize-space('x').
This can be transcribed as "select all tr nodes that have child td nodes, the first child text() node of which has a normalized string value of User Name" - which is what you want.
Since a no-argument normalize-space() will apply to the current node (which will be td), and process all text nodes within.
In order to perform a real normalization, you'll probably have to compute all possible values first, then compute the min/max of these values, and afterwards, normalize all values based on these min/max values.
When you start with a database that is not normalized you need to create a proper model which you want to transfer your data to.
Write a script that adds all new columns and tables that the normalized data requires.
Write another script that transfers the non-normalized data to the new normalized data structure.
Enforce all constraints from the model on the new normalized data by adding constraints to the new tables and columns.
To normalize each frame to 0 dB you have to divide by the maximum before the logarithm.
My suggestion would be to flatten the multiindex columns from aggregation as in [this answer (hyper-link)] and then merge and normalize for each column separately:
to see what the normalized string value would look like?
Other than that, what normalize-space() does exactly is:
The result of normalize-space(//div[@id='scan-prompt']) is, given the input you show (whitespace marked with "+"):
Without invoking normalize-space(), for example string(//div[@id='scan-prompt']):
So, simply use path expressions that do nothing else than either giving back a string value or a normalized string value.
Because you will always normalize those samples that appear at the 1st place in a batch with one set of parameters, while using another set of parameters for those samples that appear at a different place.
Actually, [it (hyper-link)] uses [np.linalg.norm() (hyper-link)] under the hood to normalize the given data using Lp-norms:
For example, in the default case, it would normalize the data using L2-normalization (i.e.
It is necessary to normalize a direction vector whenever you use it in some math that is influenced by its length.
You also sometimes need to normalize vectors that you use in lighting calculations, even if you believe that they are normal.
Another example where a vector might or might not be normalized is the cross product, depending on what you are doing.
For example, when using the two cross products to build an orthonormal base, then you must at least normalize once (though if you do it naively, you end up doing it more often).
If you only care about the direction of the resulting "up vector", or about the sign, you don't need to normalize.
tl;dr: Normalized vectors simplify your math.
Normalized vector is in the same direction with just unit length 1?
You almost always want all vectors in a ray tracer to be normalized.
Remember, you know p_0 and v.  When you are trying to find the point where this ray next hits another object, you have to solve for that t.  It is obviously more convenient, if not always obviously necessary, to use normalized vector vs in that representation.
If u and v are of unit length (normalized), then the equation will evaluate to be proportional to the angle between the two vectors.
However, if v is not of unit length, say because you didn't bother to normalize after reflecting the vector in the ray model above, now your lighting model has a problem.
When do you NOT need to normalize?
But as soon as you want to compare with a different distance - calculated using the normalized ray direction - the distance values will not compare properly.
You might think about normalizing a direction vector AFTER doing some work that does not require it - maybe you have an acceleration structure that can be traversed without a normalized vector.
So you may as well normalize them from the start...
In other words, any specific calculation may not require a normalized direction vector, but a given direction vector will almost certainly need to be normalized at some point in the process.
You never need to normalize a vector unless you are working with the angles between vectors, or unless you are rotating a vector.
In the former case, all of your trig functions require your vectors to land on a unit circle, which means the vectors are normalized.
If someone tries to tell you that the dot product requires normalized vectors, shake your head and smile.
The dot product only needs normalized vectors when you are using it to get the angle between two vectors.
Having said that, you sometimes normalize in order to play well with others.
If you are storing a point in space (for example the position of the camera, the origin of the ray, the vertices of triangles) you don't want to normalize, because you would be modifying the value of the vector, and losing the specific position.
If you are storing a direction (for example the camera up, the ray direction, the object normals) you want to normalize, because in this case you are interested not in the specific value of the point, but on the direction it represents, so you don't need the magnitude.
Normalization is useful in this case because it simplifies some operations, such as calculating the cosine of two vectors, something that can be done with a dot product if both are normalized.
