Each row in the table is a set of 3 mutually "equal" values, meaning that any 2 values among them are equal using the equal == sign*
(hyper-link)]
and the [Logical nullish assignment (?
?=) (hyper-link)], which allows a more concise way to
assign a default value if a variable is null or undefined, for example:
The solution is to instead use the strict equality operator, which consists of three equal signs: ===.
Using two equal signs returns true because the string “3” is converted to the number 3 before the comparison is made.
Three equal signs sees that the types are different and returns false.
= operator Used to just assign the value.
The dollar sign ($) and the underscore (_) are permitted anywhere in an identifier.
The dollar sign is intended for use only in mechanically generated code.
The dollar sign ($) and the underscore (_) are permitted anywhere in an IdentifierName.
As such, the $ sign may now be used freely in variable names.
As others have mentioned the dollar sign is intended to be used by mechanically generated code.
I think MS AJAX uses it to signify that a function is an alias for some more verbose call.
Stevo is right, the meaning and usage of the dollar script sign (in Javascript and the jQuery platform, but not in PHP) is completely semantic.
In addition, the dollar sign is perhaps not the most "weird" thing you can encounter in Javascript.
Using dollar signs in variable names makes this easier.
If you see the dollar sign ($) or double dollar sign ($$), and are curious as to what this means in the Prototype framework, here is your answer:
A valid JavaScript identifier shuold must start with a letter,
    underscore (_), or dollar sign ($); 
   subsequent characters can also
    be digits (0-9).
The easiest way to do this would be to pass the session id to the signout activity in the Intent you're using to start the activity:
Signout.
Whenever any of them isn't useful anymore, set it explicitly to null to be collected by the garbage collector, before the next assignment.
//Your problem is you want to store session id after sign in and available that session id for each activity where you want to logout.
Access SessionId in SignOutActivity.java is following way
2-Now call the session variable with the class reference where you are fetching the session id value and assign it to static variable.
then You Can call assign value to this method like below in Class A as code below:
$a = $b : The value of $b is assigned to $a
?= $b : The value of $b is assigned to $a if $a is null or not defined ([null coalescing assignment operator (hyper-link)] - requires PHP>=7.4)
and operator and or operator have lower precedence than assignment operator =.
This signifies that the function returns either the specified type or NULL.
The order property controls the order in which flex items appear within the flex container, by assigning them to ordinal groups.
But with jQuery, I can select the required #full-widths, then assign the appropriate style:
Finally, it assigns a new CSS (width) value to the resulting element.
Self-signed certificates are not validated with any third party unless you import them to the browsers previously.
If you need more security, you should use a certificate signed by a [certificate authority (hyper-link)] (CA).
this option outputs a self signed certificate instead of a certificate request.
This is typically used to generate a test certificate or a self signed root CA.
As many noted in the comments that using SHA-2 does not add any security to a self-signed certificate.
Is this the correct way to build a self-signed certificate?
It's easy to create a self-signed certificate.
And browsers are actively moving against self-signed server certificates.
Some browsers don't exactly make it easy to import a self-signed server certificate.
A self-signed certificate does not chain back to a trusted anchor.
Create a certificate signing request (CSR) for the server
Sign the server's CSR with your CA key
Step 1 - Create your own authority just means to create a self-signed certificate with CA: true and proper key usage.
That means the Subject and Issuer are the same entity, CA is set to true in Basic Constraints (it should also be marked as critical), key usage is keyCertSign and crlSign (if you are using CRLs), and the Subject Key Identifier (SKI) is the same as the Authority Key Identifier (AKI).
To become your own certificate authority, see *[How do you sign a certificate signing request with your certification authority?
The issue of browsers (and other similar user agents) not trusting self-signed certificates is going to be a big problem in the Internet of Things (IoT).
How to create a self-signed certificate with OpenSSL
The commands below and the configuration file create a self-signed certificate (it also shows you how to create a signing request).
They differ from other answers in one respect: the DNS names used for the self signed certificate are in the Subject Alternate Name (SAN), and not the Common Name (CN).
Create a self signed certificate (notice the addition of -x509 option):
Create a signing request (notice the lack of -x509 option):
Print a self-signed certificate:
Print a signing request:
As this is a self-signed certificate there is no CA and you can safely ignore the warning and proceed.
Submit CSR to CA (Verisign or others, etc.)
All necessary steps are executed by a single OpenSSL invocation: from private key generation up to the self-signed certificate.
Since the certificate is self-signed and needs to be accepted by users manually, it doesn't make sense to use a short expiration or weak cryptography.
Modern browsers now throw a security error for otherwise well-formed self-signed certificates if they are missing a SAN (Subject Alternate Name).
This is the script I use on local boxes to set the SAN (subjectAltName) in self-signed certificates.
Chrome 58 an onward requires SAN to be set in self-signed certificates.
As has been discussed in detail, [self-signed certificates (hyper-link)] [are not trusted for the Internet (hyper-link)].
You can [add your self-signed certificate to many but not all browsers (hyper-link)].
The primary reason one does not want to get a signed certificate from a certificate authority is cost -- [Symantec charges between $995 - $1,999 per year for certificates -- just for a certificate intended for internal network, Symantec charges $399 per year (hyper-link)].
I tried to create a self-signed certificate for NGINX and it was easy, but when I wanted to add it to Chrome white list I had a problem.
And my solution was to create a Root certificate and signed a child certificate by it.
The second step creates child key and file CSR - Certificate Signing Request.
Because the idea is to sign the child certificate by root and get a correct certificate
You may ask, why so difficult, why we must create one more config to sign child certificate by root.
If we sign the child certificate by "openssl x509" utils, the Root certificate will delete the SAN field in child certificate.
Sign the certificate?
openssl allows to generate self-signed certificate by a single command (-newkey
instructs to generate a private key and -x509 instructs to issue a self-signed
certificate instead of a signing request)::
You can generate a private key and construct a self-signing certificate in separate steps::
To export the self-signed certificate::
I had the same problems with Chrome and a self-signed cert, but in the end I found it was just incredibly picky about the validation of the domain name on the cert (as it should be).
Also take a look at this for a couple of different approaches to creating self-signed certs (I'm assuming you're using IIS as you haven't mentioned).
[How to Create a Self Signed Certificate in IIS 7 (hyper-link)]
On the Mac, you can use the Keychain Access utility to add the self-signed certificate to the System keychain, and Chrome will then accept it.
[Google Chrome, Mac OS X and Self-Signed SSL Certificates (hyper-link)]
cert.pem is the name of your self-signed certificate.
When I start Chrome with this script self-signed certificates are working without a problem.
See: [http://www.robpeck.com/2010/10/google-chrome-mac-os-x-and-self-signed-ssl-certificates/#.Vcy8_ZNVhBc (hyper-link)]
I went down the process of using what bjnord suggested which was: 
[Google Chrome, Mac OS X and Self-Signed SSL Certificates (hyper-link)]
self-signed Root CA.
sub / intermediate certificate [signed by Root CA].
normal / end-entity certificate [signed either by Root CA or sub-CA]


commonName or subjectAltName (SAN) as "localhost".
If your self-signed certs worked fine in the past but suddenly started generating errors in Chrome 58, this is why.
So whatever method you are using to generate your self-signed cert (or cert signed by a self-signed CA), ensure that the server's cert contains a subjectAltName with the proper DNS and/or IP entry/entries, even if it's just for a single host.
If you want to create a new self signed cert that's fully trusted using your own root authority, you can do it using these scripts.
To allow the self signed certificates to be FULLY trusted in Chrome and Safari, you need to import a new certificate authority into your Mac.
With New-SelfSignedCertificate (Powershell) you could add SAN information, it also works.
This post is already flooded with responses, but I created a bash script based on some of the other answers to make it easier to generate a self-signed TLS certificate valid in Chrome (Tested in Chrome 65.x).
[self-signed-tls bash script (hyper-link)]
If you want to test on [https://localhost (hyper-link)] with a self-signed certificate, do:
When creating the self-signed certificate, it was necessary to place the new subjectAltName field under the v3_ca extensions, instead of v3_req.
The trick was to run the command below that imports the self-signed SSL cert.
To trust a self-signed server certificate, we should use
They define how the certificate should be trusted for SSL, email, and object signing, and are explained in the certutil docs or Meena's blog post on trust flags.
If you want to trust a server self signed certificate, it cannot make mention of an invalid authority... even if that's itself.
I've only managed to make it work by trusting my authority and using that authorities key to sign server certificates.
Here's the self signed CA certificate that it accepted.
This is the only way that I found works to get around cert_authority_invalid, I tried for hours to get it to accept a self signed end point certificate, no cigar.
The UI will accept self signed authorities, as long as it's declared CA:TRUE.
After that, all certs signed by that key with the correct DN will be accepted by chrome without needing to add them independently.
Note, my method bypasses the need for a CSR by just signing the certificates with the authority key and adding details for the dev servers.
And server certificates must all be singed by a valid Authority... even if that's just another certificate that the signed themselves with CA:true.
To create a self signed certificate in Windows that Chrome v58 and later will trust, launch Powershell with elevated privileges and type:
I had self signed certificate, created with the IIS resource kit tool [SelfSSL.exe (hyper-link)].
In the certificates lists on my local computer I saw that this self signed certificate had only one purpose: Server Authentication.
So I created new self signed certificate with both purposes: Server Authentication and Client Authentication.
[This article (hyper-link)] shows a lot of ways to generate self signed certificates.
I presume he wrote it for the same reason that there are so many answers to this question: it is a pain to do the "right" thing for SubjectAltName certificates signed by a trusted root CA.
With the following code, you can (1) become your own CA, (2) then sign your SSL certificate as a CA.
Sign your certificate using your CA cert+key
Follow the cert generation instructions from [selfsignedcertificate.com (hyper-link)]:
Note that I've intentionally added extra parentheses in the type signature.
and the dollar sign ($)?.
Sign-off is a requirement for getting patches into the Linux kernel and a few other projects, but most projects don't actually use it.
Sign-off is a line at the end of the commit message which certifies who is the author of the commit.
He can adjust the code and put his sign-off at the end so the original author still gets credit for the patch.
Source: [http://gerrit.googlecode.com/svn/documentation/2.0/user-signedoffby.html (hyper-link)]
Add Signed-off-by line by the committer at the end of the commit log message.
The meaning of a signoff depends on the project, but it typically certifies that committer has the rights to submit this work under the same license and agrees to a Developer Certificate of Origin (see [https://developercertificate.org (hyper-link)] for more information).
Modify various document (man page) files to explain in more detail what --signoff means.
So how can the presence of "signed-off-by" in any way imply the sender is agreeing to and committing to the DCO?
Combined with fact I've seen replies on lists to patches without SOBs that say nothing more than "Resend this with signed-off-by so I can commit it".
Extending git's documentation will make it easier to argue that developers understood --signoff when they use it.
Note that this signoff is now (for Git 2.15.x/2.16, Q1 2018) available for git pull as well.
merge can take --signoff, but without pull passing --signoff down, it
is inconvenient to use; allow 'pull' to take the option and pass it
through.
With Git 2.33 (Q3 2021), the SubmitingPatches document further (re)illustrate the intent behind signoff: DCO ([prefered to CLAs for open-source projects (hyper-link)]).
Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason
To improve tracking of who did what, we ask you to certify that you
wrote the patch or have the right to pass it on under the same license
as ours, by "signing off" your patch.
Without sign-off, we cannot
accept your patches.
Not so much about the sign-off header in
particular (it’s not the only one).
Headers or trailers (↑1) like “sign-off” (↑2) is, in current
practice in projects like Git and Linux, effectively structured metadata
for the commit.
Like I mentioned, “sign-off” is not the only trailer in current practice.
In addition to the “sign-off” trailer in the above, there is:
To define a CSS adjacent selector, the
  plus sign is used.
The + sign means select an "adjacent sibling"
> (greater-than sign) is a CSS Combinator.
The greater sign ( > ) selector in CSS means that the selector on the right is a direct descendant / child of whatever is on the left.
Update Oct. 2016: [issue 871 (hyper-link)] did mention "Signing stopped working in Git 2.9.3"
[Git for Windows 2.10.1 (hyper-link)] released two days ago (Oct. 4th, 2016) has fixed Interactive GPG signing of commits and tag.
the recent gpg-sign change in git (which introduces no problem on Linux) exposes a problem in the way in which, on Windows, non-MSYS2-git interacts with MSYS2-gpg.
Reading "[7.4 Git Tools - Signing Your Work (hyper-link)]", I assume you have your "[user.signingkey (hyper-link)]" configuration set.
This doesn't actually matter for the verification itself: if the
  verification passes, the pgp signature is good.
So check how you specified your user.signingkey configuration, and the version of gpg you are using (gpg1 or gpg2), to see if those have any effect on the error message.
There is also [commit 0581b54 (hyper-link)] which changes the condition for the gpg failed to sign the data error message (in complement to [commit 0d2b664 (hyper-link)]):
If this test is successful (no error/output includes PGP signature), you have successfully updated to the latest gpg version.
You should now be able to use git signing again!
Note: After you've ran a signed commit, you can verify it signed with:
In any case: none of this was sufficient to make git commit successfully sign my commits again.
With the new version: signed commits worked correctly again.
Auto-sign commits on macOS (Globally and with different IDEs):
Get your signingkey in [this way (hyper-link)].
Then I had the same problem for signing with git after setting git config gpg.program gpg2.
Try echo "test" | gpg2 --clearsign to see whether gpg2 is working.
Now that passphrase at some point expires, and gpg needs you to enter it again to unlock your key so that you can start signing again.
One of the solutions is gpg --sign a_file.txt then enter the passphrase that you have entered when you created your key and then everything should be fine (gpg-agent should automatically sign)
Set the key here git config --global user.signingkey <Key from your list>
git config --global commit.gpgsign true
Install [https://gpgtools.org (hyper-link)] and sign the key that you used by pressing Sign from the menu bar: Key->Sign
Follow the below url to setup signed commit
[https://help.github.com/en/articles/telling-git-about-your-signing-key (hyper-link)]
if still getting
gpg failed to sign the data fatal:
failed to write commit object
echo "test" | gpg --clearsign
then again try echo "test" | gpg --clearsign
in which PGP signature is got.
gpg: no default secret key: No secret key
  gpg: [stdin]: clear-sign failed: No secret key
But after the fix, the same command successfully signed the message so I knew things were working again!
It looks like you do need to have user.signingkey set to your private key as well from what some other comments are saying.
You can tell if it's too small by running echo test | gpg --clearsign -- it'll give you a pretty obvious error message letting you know.
These tools seem to work without running into any problems, plus it remembers your passphrase after the first time you sign you commit.
If your issue is with Visual Studio Code not allowing to commit, but you have already set up your GPG signature the one line answer with bash is:
The code for percent sign in NSString format is %%.
The escape code for a percent sign is "%%", so your code would look like this
For some reason, %%%% (4 percent signs) or the unicode character '\uFF05' only work for this.
As a suffix (like "item$", pronounced "items"), it can signify an observable such as a DOM element as a convention called ["Finnish Notation" (hyper-link)] similar to the Hungarian Notation.
The $ sign is an identifier for variables and functions.
[https://web.archive.org/web/20160529121559/http://www.authenticsociety.com/blog/javascript_dollarsign (hyper-link)]
That has a clear explanation of what the dollar sign is for.
Here's an alternative explanation: [http://www.vcarrer.com/2010/10/about-dollar-sign-in-javascript.html (hyper-link)]
The dollar sign function $() in jQuery is a library function that is frequently used, so a short name is desirable.
The dollar sign is treated just like a normal letter or underscore (_).
It has no special significance to the interpreter.
Unlike many similar languages, identifiers (such as functional and variable names) in Javascript can contain not only letters, numbers and underscores, but can also contain dollar signs.
They are even allowed to start with a dollar sign, or consist only of a dollar sign and nothing else.
Why would you want a dollar sign in an identifier?
The syntax doesn't really enforce any particular usage of the dollar sign in an identifier, so it's up to you how you wish to use it.
In the past, it has often been recommended to start an identifier with a dollar sign only in generated code - that is, code created not by hand but by a code generator.
It looks like someone just put a dollar sign at the start for fun - perhaps they were a PHP programmer who did it out of habit, or something.
In PHP, all variable names must have a dollar sign in front of them.
There is another common meaning for a dollar sign in an interpreter nowadays: the jQuery object, whose name only consists of a single dollar sign ($).
There is nothing special in Javascript that allows jQuery to use the single dollar sign as its object name; as mentioned above, it's simply just another valid identifier name.
The dollar sign ($) and the underscore (_) are permitted anywhere in an IdentifierName.
In your example the $ has no special significance other than being a character of the name.
Dollar sign is used in ecmascript 2015-2016 as 'template literals'.
Here working example:
[https://es6console.com/j3lg8xeo/ (hyper-link)]
Notice this sign " ` ",its not normal quotes.
$ sign in Regular Expressions means end of line.
"Using the dollar sign is not very common in JavaScript, but
professional programmers often use it as an alias for the main
function in a JavaScript library.
The reason "sign" is not included is that if we included every useful one-liner in the list of built-in functions, Python wouldn't be easy and practical to work with anymore.
"copysign" is defined by IEEE 754, and part of the C99 specification.
The function cannot be implemented in full by abs(x) * sign(y) because of how it's supposed to handle NaN values.
That makes copysign() a more useful function than sign().
As to specific reasons why IEEE's signbit(x) is not available in standard Python, I don't know.
The math module itself uses copysign(1, x) as a way to check if x is negative or non-negative.
For most cases dealing with mathematical functions that seems more useful than having a sign(x) which returns 1, 0, or -1 because there's one less case to consider.
There you can clearly see that copysign() is a more effective function than a three-valued sign() function.
If I were a python designer, I would been the other way around: no cmp() builtin, but a sign()
cmp("This", "That") cannot be implemented with a sign() function.
You base your justifications on how abs() and sign() are often seen together.
As the C standard library does not contain a 'sign(x)' function of any sort, I don't know how you justify your views.
There's an abs(int) and fabs(double) and fabsf(float) and fabsl(long) but no mention of sign.
There is "copysign()" and "signbit()" but those only apply to IEEE 754 numbers.
With complex numbers, what would sign(-3+4j) return in Python, were it to be implemented?
That's a clear example of how abs() can be used in places where sign() makes no sense.
Suppose sign(x) were added to Python, as a complement to abs(x).
In order to work correctly, to handle abs(x) in the same way then Python will have to gain a sign(x) slot.
Besides, why should sign(x) exist and nonnegative(x) and nonpositive(x) not exist?
My snippet from Python's math module implementation shows how copybit(x, y) can be used to implement nonnegative(), which a simple sign(x) cannot do.
That would add a signbit(x) function, which would do what you want in the case of floats.
You ask "why", and the answer is "sign(x) isn't useful."
You would need to show cases of how existing code would be improved with a sign function.
Indeed there was a [patch (hyper-link)] which included sign() in [math (hyper-link)], but it wasn't accepted, because they didn't agree on [what it should return in all the edge cases (hyper-link)] (+/-0, +/-nan, etc)
So they decided to implement only copysign, which (although more verbose) can be [used to delegate to the end user the desired behavior for edge cases (hyper-link)] - which [sometimes might require the call to cmp(x,0) (hyper-link)].
Most importantly, copysign is a superset of sign!
Calling copysign with x=1 is the same as a sign function.
So you could just use copysign and forget about it.
If you get sick of passing two whole arguments, you can implement sign this way, and it will still be compatible with the IEEE stuff mentioned by others:
Secondly, usually when you want the sign of something, you just end up multiplying it with another value.
And of course that's basically what copysign does.
And yes, I'm surprised you've been using Python for 7 years and think cmp could be so easily removed and replaced by sign!
In summary, I've found myself wanting a sign function too, but copysign with the first argument being 1 will work just fine.
I disagree that sign would be more useful than copysign, as I've shown that it's merely a subset of the same functionality.
Another one liner for sign()
In the case of float, notice sign(float("nan")) is zero.
numpy has a sign function, and gives you a bonus of other functions as well.
Yes a correct [sign() (hyper-link)] function should be at least in the math module - as it is in numpy.
But math.copysign() is also useful independently.
The dev arguments at [http://bugs.python.org/issue1640 (hyper-link)] regarding the omission of math.sign() are odd, because:
sign(nan) == nan  without worry (like exp(nan) )
sign(-0.0) == sign(0.0) == 0 without worry
sign(-inf) == -1 without worry
In Python 2, cmp() returns an integer: there's no requirement that the result be -1, 0, or 1, so sign(x) is not the same as cmp(x,0).
which is fine for cmp(), but again can't be used for sign() because the comparison operators need not return [booleans (hyper-link)].
Many cases listed in other answers overlook special cases (+/-0) or make assumption that sign(-0.0) == sign(0.0).
It may be naïve, but with current implementation of IEEE we already have -0.0 == 0.0 and having sign() would allow us to disambiguate between the two.
To help protect customers and developers, we require that all third
  party apps, passes for Apple Wallet, Safari Extensions, Safari Push
  Notifications, and App Store purchase receipts are signed by a trusted
  certificate authority.
The Apple Worldwide Developer Relations
  Certificate Authority issues the certificates you use to sign your
  software for Apple devices, allowing our systems to confirm that your
  software is delivered to users as intended and has not been modified.
The Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Intermediate
  Certificate expires soon and we've issued a renewed certificate that
  must be included when signing all new Apple Wallet Passes, push
  packages for Safari Push Notifications, and Safari Extensions starting
  February 14, 2016.
Make Sure that in Project Navigator > Signing > Team , A team name must need be selected.
[Code Sign Error in macOS Sierra Xcode 8 : resource fork, Finder information, or similar detritus not allowed (hyper-link)]
Even though you cannot trust self-signed certificates on first receipt without some additional method of verification, using the certificate for subsequent git operations at least makes life a lot harder for attacks which only occur after you have downloaded the certificate.
To give a specific example: the famous [repo.or.cz (hyper-link)] repository provides [a self-signed certificate (hyper-link)].
without --global) means that this self-signed certificate is only trusted for this particular repository, which is nice.
I keep coming across this problem, so have written a script to download the self signed certificate from the server and install it to ~/.gitcerts, then update git-config to point to these certificates.
For my own and my colleagues' sake here is how we managed to get self signed certificates to work without disabling sslVerify.
In the .gitconfig file you can add the below given value to make the self signed cert acceptable
Using 64bit version of Git on Windows, just add the self signed CA certificate into these files :
If it is just a server self signed certificate add it into
Export the root self-signed Certificate to a file.
With what is described above, I found that Kaspersky puts a self-signed Anti-virus personal root certificate in the middle.
Add the content of your self signed certificate to the end of the ca-bundle file.
Escaping the '%' sign is only for printf.
Once you clear all then code sign works.
If you have this error when codesigning an app:
resource fork, Finder information, or similar detritus not allowed
  Command /usr/bin/codesign failed with exit code 1
In Sierra, the rules on what can be in a signed bundle have been tightened, and resource forks are no longer allowed.
It means you cannot codesign a script that was last saved in a version before Sierra; you have to save in Sierra to be able to sign in Sierra.
They will not be able to sign the container script until all the embedded scripts have been resaved under Sierra.
This happened from our graphics designer saving images from photoshop with attributes.
Code signing no longer allows any file in an app bundle to have an
  extended attribute containing a resource fork or Finder info.
For those (like me) who are just trying to develop an app without having to strip extended attributes on every new photoshop created PNG added to the macOS target, you can temporarily disable code signing by adding a user defined build setting:
Obviously, one distributing an app needs to eventually deal with the issue but this enables development in cases like mine where it wasn't necessarily straightforward to omit code signing in Sierra (on past OS X / Xcode it was easier to do so).
The easiest way to handle attributes on your source files is to have Xcode clear up the archive before it runs codesign.
Now when you build your target it will clear out any attributes that would have broken codesign.
You may need to change the path to match your DerivedData directory - this path will be shown next to the codesign error.
I copied the .app to my local Downloads directory, and then was able to codesign.
First you set up your CA, and then you sign an end entity certificate (a.k.a server or user).
Next, you have to sign it with your CA.
You are almost ready to sign the server's certificate by your CA.
If you use copy_extensions = copy, but don't look over the request, then the requester might be able to trick you into signing something like a subordinate root (rather than a server or user certificate).
Be sure to verify the request with openssl req -verify before signing.
Trying to create a second certificate while experimenting will result in the following when signing your server's certificate with the CA's private key:
If you want to ensure the Organizational Name is consistent between self-signed CAs, Subordinate CA and End-Entity certificates, then add the following to your CA configuration files:
defines the default number of days the certificate signed by this root-ca will be valid.
Failing to do so, your root-ca will be valid for only the default one month and any certificate signed by this root CA will also have validity of one month.
Sometimes, such as for testing, you just want a simplistic means of generating a signed certificate, without setting up a full-blown CA configuration.
First, create a self-signed certificate that will be used as the root of trust:
Or equivalently, if you want to generate a private key and a self-signed certificate in a single command:
Next, create a certificate request for the certificate to be signed:
Finally, use the self-signed signing certificate to generate a signed certificate from the certificate request:
sign)
http://localhost:8000/#/signin?id=12345
Then use the keytool again to print out all the aliases of your signing keystore:
we can now determined the apk has been signed with this keystore, and with the alias 'android_key'.
Much easier way to view the signing certificate:
You can use Java 7's Key and Certificate Management Tool keytool to check the signature of a keystore or an APK without extracting any files.
The output will reveal the signature owner/issuer and MD5, SHA1 and SHA256 fingerprints of the APK file app.apk or AAB file app.aab.
If the SHA1 fingerprints between the APK and the keystore match, then you can rest assured that that app is signed with the key.
To build on Paul Lammertsma's answer, this command will print the names and signatures of all APKs in the current dir (I'm using sh because later I need to pipe the output to grep):
You can do this with the apksigner tool that is part of the Android SDK:
apksigner verify --print-certs my_app.apk
You can find apksigner inside the build-tools directory.
For example:
~/Library/Android/sdk/build-tools/29.0.1/apksigner
My copy of C in a Nutshell reveals the existence of a standard function called copysign which might be useful.
It looks as if copysign(1.0, -2.0) would return -1.0 and copysign(1.0, 2.0) would return +1.0.
There is a C99 math library function called copysign(), which takes the sign from one argument and the absolute value from the other:
will give you a result of +/- 1.0, depending on the sign of value.
Note that floating point zeroes are signed: (+0) will yield +1, and (-0) will yield -1.
If all you want is to test the sign, use [signbit (hyper-link)] (returns true if its argument has a negative sign).
Not sure why you would particularly want -1 or +1 returned; copysign is more convenient
for that, but it sounds like it will return +1 for negative zero on some platforms with
only partial support for negative zero, where signbit presumably would return true.
Actually implements signum (-1, 0, or 1).
Implementations here using copysign only return -1 or 1, which is not signum.
Works for ints, floats, doubles, unsigned shorts, or any custom types constructible from integer 0 and orderable.
copysign is slow, especially if you need to promote and then narrow again.
The bitshift hack is neat, but only works for some bit representations, and doesn't work when you have an unsigned type.
Apparently some people think use of a new, somewhat esoteric, and very slow standard library function that doesn't even really implement signum is more understandable.
The < 0 part of the check triggers GCC's -Wtype-limits warning when instantiated for an unsigned type.
Is there a standard sign function (signum, sgn) in C/C++?
Not in the standard library, however there is [copysign (hyper-link)] which can be used almost the same way via copysign(1.0, arg) and there is a true sign function in [boost (hyper-link)], which might as well be part of the standard.
[http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_47_0/libs/math/doc/sf_and_dist/html/math_toolkit/utils/sign_functions.html (hyper-link)]
In general, there is no standard signum function in C/C++, and the lack of such a fundamental function tells you a lot about these languages.
A signum function should always return the type of its operand, similarly to an abs() function, because signum is usually used for multiplication with an absolute value after the latter has been processed somehow.
Therefore, the major use case of signum is not comparisons but arithmetic, and the latter shouldn't involve any expensive integer-to/from-floating-point conversions.
With floating point values, I think inline functions based on C11 copysignf(1.0f, x), copysign(1.0, x), and copysignl(1.0l, x) are the way to go, simply because they're also highly likely to be branch-free, and additionally do not require casting the result from integer back into a floating point value.
You should probably comment prominently that your floating point implementations of signum will not return zero because of the peculiarities of floating point zero values, processing time considerations, and also because it is often very useful in floating point arithmetic to receive the correct -1/+1 sign, even for zero values.
Is there a standard sign function (signum, sgn) in C/C++?
C99 and later has the signbit() macro in <math.h>
int signbit(real-floating x);
The signbit macro returns a nonzero value if and only if the sign of its argument value is negative.
A classic [signum() (hyper-link)] returns +1 on x>0, -1 on x<0 and 0 on x==0.
Typical answers function like signnum_typical()  On -0.0, +NaN, -NaN, they return 0.0, 0.0, 0.0.
But it does trigger unused argument warnings (on the is_signed variable).
there is no cast for unsigned types and no additional minus.
Note that returning a floating point NAN as opposed to a hard coded NAN causes the sign bit to be set in [some implementations (hyper-link)], so the output for val = -NAN and val = NAN are going to be identical no matter what (if you prefer a "nan" output over a -nan you can put an abs(val) before the return...)
You can use boost::math::sign() method from boost/math/special_functions/sign.hpp if boost is available.
You can use a wrapper function based on [signbit from C99 (hyper-link)] in order to get the exact desired behavior (see code further below).
Returns whether the sign of x is negative.
This can be also applied to infinites, NaNs and zeroes (if zero is unsigned, it is considered positive
because the return value of signbit is not specified to be 1 (even though the examples let us think it would always be this way) but true for a negative number:
Return value
  A non-zero value (true) if the sign of x is negative; and zero (false) otherwise.
Coming to your question it seams that by adding '+' after assignment operator '=' , converting Date to equal number value.
Without knowing anything more about why you are looking for the differences I can't think of any other differentiators between signed and unsigned.
There are many different notations for signed ints, some implementations use the first, others use the last and yet others use something completely different.
Unsigned can hold a larger positive value and no negative value.
Unsigned uses the leading bit as a part of the value, while the signed version uses the left-most-bit to identify if the number is positive or negative.
There are different ways of representing signed integers.
The easiest to visualise is to use the leftmost bit as a flag ([sign and magnitude (hyper-link)]), but more common is [two's complement (hyper-link)].
Both are in use in most modern microprocessors — floating point uses sign and magnitude, while integer arithmetic uses two's complement.
Signed integers can hold both positive and negative numbers.
(in answer to the second question) By only using a sign bit (and not 2's complement), you can end up with -0.
Over and above what others have said, in C, you cannot overflow an unsigned integer; the behaviour is defined to be modulus arithmetic.
You can overflow a signed integer and, in theory (though not in practice on current mainstream systems), the overflow could trigger a fault (perhaps similar to a divide by zero fault).
Other representations include one's complement (quite rare) and signed magnitude (vanishingly rare - probably only used on museum pieces) which is simply using the high bit as a sign indicator with the remain bits representing the absolute value of the number.
This is because zero is included in the 'positive' numbers (since the sign bit is not set for zero), but not the negative numbers.
when using one's complement or signed magnitude you can have zero represented as either a positive or negative number (which is one of a couple of reasons these representations aren't typically used).
Firstly, x86 has native support for the [two's complement (hyper-link)] representation of signed numbers.
Basically I mean that there are a set of instructions you use for unsigned numbers and another set that you use for signed numbers.
Unsigned numbers can sit in the same registers as signed numbers, and indeed you can mix signed and unsigned instructions without worrying the processor.
It's up to the compiler (or assembly programmer) to keep track of whether a number is signed or not, and use the appropriate instructions.
Firstly, two's complement numbers have the property that addition and subtraction is just the same as for unsigned numbers.
x86 has a simple way of differentiating them: above/below indicates an unsigned comparison and greater/less than indicates a signed comparison.
JAE means "Jump if above or equal" and is unsigned.)
There are also two sets of multiplication and division instructions to deal with signed and unsigned integers.
Lastly: if you want to check for, say, overflow, you would do it differently for signed and for unsigned numbers.
The only guaranteed difference between a signed and an unsigned value in C is that the signed value can be negative, 0 or positive, while an unsigned can only be 0 or positive.
Unsigned integers are far more likely to catch you in a particular trap than are signed integers.
The trap comes from the fact that while 1 & 3 above are correct, both types of integers can be assigned a value outside the bounds of what it can "hold" and it will be silently converted.
When you run this, you'll get the following output even though both values were assigned to -1 and were declared differently.
For example, if you are extracting an integer from a byte stream (say 16 bits for simplicity), with unsigned values, you could do:
With signed values you would have to worry about sign extension and do:
Yes, unsigned integer can store large value.
Yes, signed integer can contain both positive and negative values.
You must used unsigned Integers when programming on Embedded Systems.
In loops, when there is no need for signed integers, using unsigned integers will save safe necessary for designing such systems.
Signed integers in C represent numbers.
If a and b are variables of signed integer types, the standard will never require that a compiler make the expression a+=b store into a anything other than the arithmetic sum of their respective values.
Note that while the standard does not require it, C implementations are allowed to trap arithmetic overflows with signed values.
Unsigned integers in C behave as abstract algebraic rings of integers which are congruent modulo some power of two, except in scenarios involving conversions to, or operations with, larger types.
Converting an integer of any size to a 32-bit unsigned type will yield the member corresponding to things which are congruent to that integer mod 4,294,967,296.
Abstract algebraic rings types are often handy things to have; unfortunately, C uses signedness as the deciding factor for whether a type should behave as a ring.
Worse, unsigned values are treated as numbers rather than ring members when converted to larger types, and unsigned values smaller than int get converted to numbers when any arithmetic is performed upon them.
Given the standard as it is, I would suggest using unsigned types in situations where one wants the behavior associated with algebraic rings, and signed types when one wants to represent numbers.
He only asked about signed and unsigned.
Unsigned: It consists of only non-negative values i.e 0 to 255.
Signed: It consist of both negative and positive values but in different formats like

0 to +127
-1 to -128
According to what we learned in class, signed integers can represent both positive and negative numbers, while unsigned integers are only non-negative.
unsigned values 0 to 255
signed values range from -128 to 127
run echo "test" | gpg2 --clearsign, to make sure gpg2 itself is working
If after that install, you re-try git commit and still get a "failed to sign the data" error, do:
Somehow your git is configured to GPG sign every commit.
Signing with GPG isn't required to commit or push using git.
It's likely giving the error because your gpg signing mechanism isn't configured yet.
If you're new to git, try to get it working first without GPG signing at first, then add signing in later if you really need it.
If "commit.gpgsign" is true, then you have gpg signing enabled.
It should now run without gpg signing.
After you get the basic git working, then you should try adding gpg signing back to the mix.
Git needs to know which key it is signing with.
If you want every commit to be signed by default, use
I had made a git key with 3 separate keys for certify / sign / encrypt & the key showed as expired in the future (after working fine for a few days):
May be your Git config was set gpgsign = true.
Try to set it to false if you dont want asign your commits.
It would seen that gpg2 is referencing keys differently: I still had signingkey = ABC98F11 (gpg v1 setting) in my ~/.gitconfig.
gpg --clearsign) itself.
git config commit.gpgsign false
set git signing key
Alternatively if you don't mind signing with your ssh key
Please check the content of cat .git/config and look for signingkey value and check if it is expired.
If you are using smart card/yubikey to store your GPG key and you set the signkey of git config by the key stored in the card (and all the answer above seem not to resolve your issue), your blocked PIN of the card might be the root cause of this issue.
I had this error on macos - to try and troubleshoot I tried listing keys to see if they had expired using gpg2 --list-keys - I verified that the keys had not expired and that the proper key were set in my config using git config --global user.signingkey.
After I had run those commands I was suddenly able to do signed commits again without problems.
In my case, I had mixed gpg configuration and smimesign configuration given in the commit signing documentation here: [https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/telling-git-about-your-signing-key (hyper-link)]
If it says gpg: signing failed: No pinentry,
just restart the gpg daemon client, which gets stuck from time to time:
I had to switch to pinentry-tty to get GPG to sign messages again.
The second command will show you a list of pinentry programs and ask you to type a number to select one, so type the one corresponding to pinentry-tty, and then without any additional effort, signing messages (and git commits) should work again.
This was mind-boggling because I could use the same setup to sign commits in other repos.
Please note that sometimes when you clone a repo they had a key assigned:  this issue had me so befuddled that I nuked the forked repo I had access to and re-forked on github.
git config --global user.signingkey
For me I had the error: gpg failed to sign the data and fatal: failed to write commit object because Git was using smimesign by default for some reason, even if I unset gpg.x509.program key, and [smimesign couldn't find my key (hyper-link)].
Considering sign-offs modify the commit message , uses [git filter-branch (hyper-link)] to achieve that.
Using git version 2.20.1, I had to omit "Signed-off-by" in --trailer 'sign:, and do it like this:
To signoff the previous commit, use amend option:
Edit: the amend does signoff only the latest commit.
To signoff multiple commits, filter-branch and interpret-trailers as suggested by [vonc (hyper-link)] et.
First, configure git to replace the token sign by Signed-off-by.
Here is an example that will signoff the latest two commits of the current branch using the current user and email:
For me just ammending signof, didn't actually verify my commits on github.
The solution that is worked for me is going back, and then sign each commit with -S
Also if you check if your commit is actually signed, and your email/name is simply not appended, use this command
So to correct your user name and sign last commit use:
Here, thanks to Robin Johnson from Gentoo Linux is a trick to add the signature to all my previous unpushed commits:
If anyone still looking for a better-automated way of signing off commits.
Let's say you need to sign off the last n commits
(make sure to checkout the latest of those n commits).
Now, change pick to edit  prefix for all the commits you want to sign.
If you sign a 4-month old commit, it might overwrite its date and make it look like it was created today.
to add Signed-off-by footers to the last 2 commits (in this example).
I found this approach worked for me to sign-off a specific commit in your commit history.
Given the commit hash to sign is known:
A quick solution to signoff last X number of commits.
For example, signoff last 10 commits
Source: [https://pmhahn.github.io/git-signoff/ (hyper-link)]
git reset to remove all the commits (signed or unsigned)
push the new branch with just one SIGNED commit
A dollar sign to define jQuery A (selector) to "query (or find)" HTML elements A jQuery action() to be performed on the element(s)
I am using VS 2013 Ultimate and after signing out of Visual Studio, when i tried to sign in as another user, it gave error.
I was able to fix this by:
1) Sign in as the old user.
2) Sign out.
3) Sign in as new user.
There you will get an option to sign out of the IDE.
Once signed out you can sign back in as another Microsoft account.
I was also able to fix this by signing in putting my product key in and then signing out and then logging in under my new login.
There is a link: Licence with another account...(before trying to Sign in).
Click and sign in, then close the Sign In Window.
For Visual Studio 2019 it wasn't working by signing out/ signing in, etc.
May be it's a bug or something, but this solution saves you from resetting user data, and mess of signing out/in from multiple accounts, etc.)
You can try using [Microsoft's Sign Tool (hyper-link)]
signtool sign /a MyFile.exe
This signs a single executable, using the "best certificate" available.
(If you have no certificate, it will show a SignTool error message.)
signtool signwizard
This will launch a wizard that will walk you through signing your application.
If you'd like to get a hold of certificate that you can use to test your process of signing the executable you can use the .NET tool Makecert.
Once you've created your own certificate and have used it to sign your executable, you'll need to manually add it as a Trusted Root CA for your machine in order for [UAC (hyper-link)] to tell the user running it that it's from a trusted source.
[Installing a Self-Signed Certificate as a Trusted Root CA in Windows Vista (hyper-link)]
The ASP's magazine ASPects has a detailed description on how to sign code (You have to be a member to read the article).
You can get a free cheap code signing certificate [from Certum (hyper-link)] if you're doing open source development.
As far as signing code I use [signtool.exe (hyper-link)] from a script like this:
Another option, if you need to sign the executable on a Linux box is to use signcode from the [Mono project tools (hyper-link)].
And yet another option, if you're developing on Windows 10 but don't have Microsoft's signtool.exe installed, you can use Bash on Ubuntu on Windows to sign your app.
[https://blog.synapp.nz/2017/06/16/code-signing-a-windows-application-on-linux-on-windows/ (hyper-link)]
Reference [https://steward-fu.github.io/website/driver/wdm/self_sign.htm (hyper-link)]
Note: signtool.exe from Microsoft SDK
2.After (to add your sign to your app)
signtool sign /s YourName YourApp.exe
Use following link to sign .exe (setup/ installer)file (sign exe/setup file without using Microsoft setup signtool)
[https://ebourg.github.io/jsign/#files (hyper-link)]
sample command java -jar jsign-2.0.jar --keystore keystore.jks" --alias alias --storepass password MyInstaller.exe
Cons:

There is a cost involved on getting a certificate from a CA
For prices, see [https://cheapsslsecurity.com/sslproducts/codesigningcertificate.html (hyper-link)] and [https://www.digicert.com/code-signing/ (hyper-link)]
Sign the executable file
There are two ways of signing the file you want:
Using a certificate installed on the computer
signtool.exe sign /a /s MY /sha1 sha1_thumbprint_value /t http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll /v "C:\filename.dll"

In this example we are using a certificate stored on the Personal folder with a SHA1 thumbprint (This thumbprint comes from the certificate) to sign the file located at C:\filename.dll
Using a certificate file
signtool sign /tr http://timestamp.digicert.com /td sha256 /fd sha256 /f "c:\path\to\mycert.pfx" /p pfxpassword "c:\path\to\file.exe"

In this example we are using the certificate c:\path\to\mycert.pfx with the password pfxpassword to sign the file c:\path\to\file.exe
Test Your Signature
Method 1: Using signtool
Go to: Start > Run
Type CMD > click OK
At the command prompt, enter the directory where signtool exists
Run the following:
signtool.exe verify /pa /v "C:\filename.dll"
Method 2: Using Windows
Right-click the signed file
Select Properties
Select the Digital Signatures tab.
The signature will be displayed in the Signature list section.
[https://www.digicert.com/kb/code-signing/signcode-signtool-command-line.htm (hyper-link)]
So, prices for EV signature (OV doesn't help much):
1 Year  $410 total
2 Years $760 total
3 Years $950 total
[www.globalsign.com (hyper-link)]
More prices here:
[cheapsslsecurity.com CodeSigning EV (hyper-link)]
[cheapsslsecurity.com SSL only!
if you don't want the zero to have a plus sign.
Beware, when using conditional formatting the negative value doesn't automatically get a sign.
1, Force sign +1, No sign for zero +1
  -1, Force sign -1, No sign for zero -1
  0, Force sign +0, No sign for zero 0
Note that this specifier never displays a zero that is not a significant digit, even if zero is the only digit in the string.
It will display zero only if it is a significant digit in the number that is being displayed.
Zero is not signed.
The equals sign (=) is used as padding in certain forms of base64 encoding.
A: As a short answer:
The last character ("=" sign) is added only as a complement(padding) in the final process of encoding a message with a special number of characters.
You will not have a '=' sign if your string has a multiple of 3 characters number, because Base64 encoding takes each three bytes (a character=1 byte) and represents them as four printable characters in the ASCII standard.
Android studio automatically [generate (hyper-link)] ~/.android/debug.keystore on first debug build and use it to sign the app.
This SHA-1 should be added to the app settings at firebase to allow usage of google sign in capabilities while testing debug build.
Check in your google play store, launch panel, under app signing, see if google play has an additional SHA1 added.

Solution: Before executing ionic cordova build android specify the signing properties
Step-3: Create a file named release-signing.properties in the platform/android directory
Instead of using keytool to get the SHA1, you can use Gradle project -> Task -> android -> signingReport in the android studio (can open it by menu View -> Toolwindow -> gradle ) to get release and debug SHA1.
[https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/android/sign-in  (hyper-link)]
follow this api documentation but keep in mind that inside WEB_CLIENT_ID use the value of client id which is generated inside google-services.json file.
But sign in did not work.
Error PlatformException(sign_in_failed, com.google.android.gms.common.api.ApiException: 12500: , null)
When your app authenticates with a backend server or accesses Google APIs from your backend server, then you must pass the OAuth 2.0 client ID that was created for your server to the requestIdToken method when you construct the GoogleSignInOptions object, for accessing the user's basic profile information.
Support email and also all project and privacy links are necessary for Google SignIn to work, otherwise it throws 12500.
If you are coming here from flutter : This is one of the corner cases we have to fix as per the documentation here : [https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in (hyper-link)]
[ (hyper-link)]
Select the app you want to implement google signin In to.
Enable Google Sign in method works for me
-Authentication->Sign-in method->google
[ (hyper-link)]
This generates a signed release apk file.
If you want to avoid hardcoding your keystore & password in build.gradle, you can use a properties file as explained here: [HANDLING SIGNING CONFIGS WITH GRADLE (hyper-link)]
1) create a myproject.properties file at /home/[username]/.signing with such contents:
[Also see the reference for the signingConfigs Gradle DSL (hyper-link)]
Make sure that you put the signingConfigs parts inside the android section:
Let's call it 'signing.gradle' (include it in your .gitignore).
Just as if it were your build.gradle file minus everything not related to signing in it.
Finally link your flavors to its correct signingConfig in your build.gradle file and you should be finished.
Using this function, the signingConfigs section becomes:
You can also use -P command line option of gradle to help the signing.
Then, you would need to create a signing configuration, like some of the other answers indicate.
Never forget to assign the signingConfig to the release build type manually (for some reason I sometimes assume it will be used automatically).
From here you will see tabs: 'Properties', 'Signing', 'Flavors', 'Build Types' and 'Dependencies' for this walk-through we will just be using 'Signing' and 'Build Types'.
To build your signed zip aligned release you will need to open the Gradle tasks.
(Note: Android Developer Studio is much better at spotting Lint problems than IntelliJ you will notice this when trying to generate an signed APK from the menu options)
Specifically, significant boilerplate is required to move the signingConfigs definition into a separate file -- especially if you need to do so for multiple projects, which is a prime reason for picking this solution over Destil's.
Finally, most solutions here do not allow building the project in debug mode -- which handles debug-signing automatically -- without providing a syntactically if not semantically valid signingConfigs definition.
The values assigned to ext.signing's properties are irrelevant as far as debug builds go.
To enable release builds, copy ext.signing into signing.gradle and replace the dummy values with valid credentials.
Of course, signing.gradle should be ignored by VCS.
Signing tab -> Plus image to add new configuration
You will manually have to add a line signingConfig signingConfigs.NameOfYourConfig inside builtTypes{release{}}
To create signed APK, you'd have to open Terminal tab of Android Studio (the bottom of the main interface) and issue a command ./gradlew assembleRelease
If you forgot keyAlias (what happens often to me), you will have to initiate Build -> Generate Signed APK to start the process and see the name of the Alias key.
[How to create a release signed apk file using Gradle?
If you build apk via command line like me then you can provide signing configuration as arguments.
Make your signingConfigs like this
If you, like me, just want to be able to run the release on your device for testing purposes, consider creating a second keystore for signing, so you can simply put the passwords for it into your build.gradle without worrying for your market key store security.
You can create a new keystore by clicking Build/Generate Signed APK/Create new...
The default [Google instructions (hyper-link)] for automatically signing an app 
during the build, without keeping the passwords and signature files 
in your app development (GIT) path, is rather obscure.
We obviously don't want to have our signature or password files anywhere in
the GIT controlled directory, even if we are very able to use .gitignore etc, it is still too risky and easy to make a mistake.
So we want our keystore and signature files outside.
Create signature key file
The second file is automatically generated when you create the signature key.
This should generate a properly signed app that can be used in Google Play.
com.android.ide.common.signing.KeytoolException: Failed to read key
  XXX from store "F:\XXX\XXX.jks": Get Key failed: Given final block not
  properly padded.
Source: [http://www.tinmith.net/wayne/blog/2014/08/gradle-sign-command-line.htm (hyper-link)]
Then the signingConfigs will generate on your build.gradle file.
It is 2019 and I need to sign APK with V1 (jar signature) or V2 (full APK signature).
I googled "generate signed apk gradle" and it brought me here.
My original question: [How to use V1 (Jar signature) or V2 (Full APK signature) from build.gradle file (hyper-link)]
You should not put your signing credentials directly in the build.gradle file.
Put a file signing.properties where the module specific build.gradle is found.
signing.properties
You should not put your signing credentials directly in the build.gradle.kts file.
Put a file signing.properties where the module specific build.gradle.kts is found.
signing.properties
Copy the token and paste it on the kubernetes dashboard under token sign in option and you are good to use kubernetes dashboard
Read more here : [What does the suffixed dollar sign $ mean?
Update:
Read more about the trailing “$” sign on Angular website here: 
[https://angular.io/guide/rx-library#naming-conventions-for-observables (hyper-link)]
Although the Angular framework does not enforce a naming convention for observables, you will often see observables named with a trailing “$” sign.
Tested with a IPA signed with cert1 for app store submission with no devices added in the provisioning profile.
Results in a new IPA signed with a enterprise account and a mobile provisioning profile for in house deployment (the mobile provisioning profile gets embedded to the IPA).
Remove old CodeSignature
Re-sign
If you have an app with extensions and/or a watch app and you have multiple provisioning profiles for each extension/watch app then you should use this script to re-sign the ipa file.
[Re-signing script at Github (hyper-link)]
For me - all the provisioning profiles were signed by the same certificate/signing identity.
----- How to Resign an iOS App -----
Prepare New Signing Assets
Next, we are going to prepare an entitlements file to include in the signing.
Replace The Provisioning Profile and Resign App
Next, remove the old code signature files.
IMPORTANT: You must also resign all frameworks included in the app.
If the app is written in Swift or if it includes any additional frameworks these must be resigned or the app will install but not run.
Now sign the app with the certificate included in your provisioning profile and the entitlements.plist that you created earlier.
You may now remove the Payload directory since you have your original app (MyApp.ipa) and your resigned version (MyApp-resigned.ipa).
You can now install MyApp-resigned.ipa on any device included in your provisioning profile.
With Fastlane sigh's resign option you can do this very easily.
None of these resigning approaches were working for me, so I had to work out something else.
Instead of the ways of resigning mentioned in the other answers, I turned to Xcode’s method of creating an IPA, which starts with an .xcarchive from a build.
You can simply implement the same using the application [iResign (hyper-link)].
You can see output .ipa file saved after re-sign
I tried all the Solution but finally I am able to create resign ipa with these commands
Resign Certificates
Go the Directory where want to create the new ipa with resign certificates .
rm -rf Payload/*.app/_CodeSignature/
codesign -d --entitlements :entitlements.plist Payload/*.app/ (Try to ignore this command if app doesn’t work then next time use
this command)
codesign -f -s "$CERTIFICATE" --entitlements entitlements.plist Payload/.app/Frameworks/
codesign -f -s "$CERTIFICATE" --entitlements entitlements.plist Payload/*.app/
zip -qr resigned.ipa Payload
[https://stackoverflow.com/a/37172815 (hyper-link)]
[https://stackoverflow.com/a/50392448 (hyper-link)]
[https://coderwall.com/p/qwqpnw/resign-ipa-with-new-cfbundleidentifier-and-certificate (hyper-link)]
Full docs here - [https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/resign/ (hyper-link)]
If your APP is built using Flutter tools, please examine the codesign info for all pod extensions:
Run the shell script below to codesign all extensions:
And finally don't forget to codesign the Runner.app itself
You can use XReSign app (a simple GUI tool) for re-signing your ipa, i used it for re-signing my enterprise distribution app and it worked fine
[https://github.com/xndrs/XReSign (hyper-link)]
ipa to resign
I think the route for signing out is a DELETE method.
This means that your sign out link needs to look like this:
# The default HTTP method used to sign out a resource.
# config.sign_out_via = :get
187
# The default HTTP method used to sign out a resource.
config.sign_out_via = :delete
the "sign_out" link didn't work, despite having :method => :delete.
When I moved them from after the :defaults to before, the sign_out started working again.
But as Steve Klabnik wrote on his blog (http://blog.steveklabnik.com/2011/12/11/devise-actioncontroller-routingerror-no-route-matches-get-slash-users-slash-sign-out.html) try to use   DELETE because of the semantic of this method.
If you are using Rails 3.1 make sure your application.html.erb sign out looks like:
<%= link_to "Sign out", destroy_user_session_path, :method => :delete %>
config.sign_out_via = :delete to config.sign_out_via = :get
You only change this line <%= link_to "Sign out", destroy_user_session_path %> to <%= link_to "Sign out", destroy_user_session_path, :method => :delete %> on the view file.
Change config.sign_out_via to equal :get within devise.rb (not recommended, since DELETE is the appropriate RESTful query)
or config devise.rb with proper sign_out method
If you're using [HTTPS with devise (hyper-link)], it'll break if your sign-out link is to the non-secure version.
The percent sign is escaped using a percent sign:
Escaped percent sign is double percent (%%):
Try this app
[http://www.ketzler.de/2011/01/resign-an-iphone-app-insert-new-bundle-id-and-send-to-xcode-organizer-for-upload/ (hyper-link)]
It supposed to help you resign the IPA file.
Check [iResign (hyper-link)] for an easy tool on how to do this!
[edit] after some fudling around, I found a solution to keychain-aware resigning.
It has now been incorporated into the ipa_sign script in [https://github.com/RichardBronosky/ota-tools (hyper-link)] which I use daily.
Your new signed app is called resigned.ipa
Kind of old question, but with the latest XCode, codesign is easy:
Delete the _CodeSigned folder
Execute the below mentioned command:
/usr/bin/codesign -f -s "iPhone Distribution: Certificate Name" --resource-rules "Payload/Application.app/ResourceRules.plist" "Payload/Application.app"
For reference follow below mentioned link:
[http://www.modelmetrics.com/tomgersic/codesign-re-signing-an-ipa-between-apple-accounts/ (hyper-link)]
Fastlane's [sigh (hyper-link)] provides a fairly robust solution for resigning IPAs.
Resign
If you generated your ipa file but want to apply a different code signing onto the ipa file, you can use sigh resign:
    fastlane sigh resign
    fastlane sigh resign ./path/app.ipa --signing_identity "iPhone Distribution: Felix Krause" -p "my.mobileprovision"
They mainly skipped signing embedded frameworks (or including the entitlements).
I have been using [https://github.com/xndrs/XReSign (hyper-link)] and it is working really well.
+ sign has a semantic meaning in the query string.
+ sign in the query string is URL-decoded to a space.
%2B in the query string is URL-decoded to a + sign.
URL-encoding is nothing but % sign followed by the hex-code of the special character.
So, if you want the + sign to be preserved when a JavaScript is fetching a URL with + signs in its query parameters and a server side script would process the query parameters after URL-decoding it, you should URL-encode the query parameters in the URL before using issuing the HTTP get request so that all + signs are converted to %2B's when the request reaches the server side script.
Now when the server side script URL-decodes the query string, all %2B's gets converted back to + signs which is what you want.
You need to Encode the + sign - It's value should be %2B
before send you parameter, you need check if the parameter contains plus sign, if have you need replace to one flag, for example:
 the parameter is: klasjdlkasd+djid3223
 can you replace: klasjdlkasdFLAGdjid3223
step 2: on another side, you get a string with a plus(+) sign.
See a book such as [Design Patterns (hyper-link)] for info, it's an excellent book and might help you clear up where you're aiming to be with your code - if you aren't already using it!
Specific to C#, I found ["Framework Design Guidelines: Conventions, Idioms, and Patterns for Reusable .NET Libraries" (hyper-link)] to have lots of good information on the logic of naming.
I suppose it's right that one monolithic Manager class is not good design, but using 'Manager' is not bad.
When I find myself thinking about using Manager or Helper in a class name, I consider it a code smell that means I haven't found the right abstraction yet and/or I'm violating the [single responsibility principle (hyper-link)], so refactoring and putting more effort into design often makes naming much easier.
But even well-designed classes don't (always) name themselves, and your choices partly depend on whether you're creating business model classes or technical infrastructure classes.
There are some terms I use a lot, like Policy for strategy classes within a domain (e.g., LateRentalPolicy), but these usually flow from trying to create a "[ubiquitous language (hyper-link)]" that you can share with business users, designing and naming classes so they model real-world ideas, objects, actions, and events.
I prefer to incorporate design pattern names into the class names, like InsertUserCommand, CustomerRepository, or SapAdapter.
I understand the concern about communicating implementation instead of intent, but design patterns marry these two aspects of class design - at least when you're dealing with infrastructure, where you want the implementation design to be transparent even while you're hiding the details.
designer
1 Please note: signtool is particular about where the /debug option is placed.
It needs to go after the sign statement.
2 Also note: the /debug option only works with some versions of signtool.
In case anyone else runs into this:  My problem ended up being that I needed to run the command prompt as administrator before using the signtool.exe app.
I had "Server Authentication" rather than "Code signing".
When getting this error through Visual Studio it was because there was a signing certificate setup to match the computer it was originally developed on.
You can check this by going to the project properties > signing tab and checking the certificate details.
You can uncheck "Sign the ClickOnce manifests" to disable signing.
The certificate became visible to my account but was not associated with my account, and as a result signtool refused to recognize it without explicitly providing the file name and a password.
Used SDK as well as Visual Studio signing, but everywhere I got "No certificates were found that met all the given criteria".
Solution:
Be aware that, if "after private key filter": '0 left' shows up with option signtool sign /debug..., the cause is your PC doesn't has the CA itself in the store.
To solve this, install the CA first (in my case a .crt file), then run the sign again.
Signtool only can be used with a CA which is requested ánd owned by the same PC.
My problem ended up being that I did not understand the signtool options.
Select Signing in properties window.
Also, it can help to turn on debug for signtool by using /debug.
just uncheck the 'Sign the click once manifests' from the signing tab in project properties,it will remove the error and you can create a new one as from there.
Use the exported .pfx file when signing your project
Example signtool: signtool sign /f "c:\mycert.pfx" /p mypassword /d "description" /t http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll $(TargetPath)
where the password is the same as provided during Export
If you do not have to sign the app, right click on your project
Project Properties -> Signing -> uncheck "Sign the ClickOnce Manifest"
The problem was that I had installed the certificate incorrectly in the Windows Certificate store so there was no private key associated with the code signing certificate.
Submit the request, jump through the issuer's validation hoops and loops, sacrifice a goat, pray to the gods, submit a signed statement from your great grandparents, etc.
Run signtool successfully, breathe a sigh of relief, and ponder how much of your life you have wasted due to bad error messages and poor or missing documentation.
click on signing tab and uncheck "Sign the ClickOnce Manifest".
You use jarsigner to sign APK's.
You don't have to sign with the original keystore, just generate a new one.
Read up on the details: [http://developer.android.com/guide/publishing/app-signing.html (hyper-link)]
Check [https://shatter-box.com/knowledgebase/android-apk-signing-tool-apk-signer/ (hyper-link)]
check [apk-signer (hyper-link)] a nice way to sign your app
then sign the apk using :
For those of you who don't want to create a bat file to edit for every project, or dont want to remember all the commands associated with the keytools and jarsigner programs and just want to get it done in one process use this program:
[http://lukealderton.com/projects/programs/android-apk-signer-aligner.aspx (hyper-link)]
fastest way is by signing with the debug keystore:
Use this tool (uses the new apksigner from Google):
[https://github.com/patrickfav/uber-apk-signer (hyper-link)]
You need to generate a keystore once and use it to sign your unsigned apk.
Note: when using the old jarsigner you need to zipalign AFTER signing.
When using the new apksigner method you do it BEFORE signing (confusing, I know).
[Invoking zipalign before apksigner works fine (hyper-link)] because apksigner preserves APK alignment and compression (unlike jarsigner).
Use [jarsigner (hyper-link)] which, like the keytool, [comes with the JDK distribution (hyper-link)] found in  %JAVA_HOME%/bin/ and use it like so:
Android 7.0 introduces APK Signature Scheme v2, a new app-signing scheme that offers faster app install times and more protection against unauthorized alterations to APK files (See [here (hyper-link)] and [here (hyper-link)] for more details).
Therefore, Google implemented their [own apk signer called apksigner (hyper-link)] (duh!)
Javascript variables can have letters, digits, dollar signs ($) and underscores (_).
In English: It must start with a dollar sign, underscore or one of letters in the 26-character alphabet, upper or lower case.
replace $ sign with jQuery 
like this:
Select the right profile in Code Signing Identity (iPhone Developer)
Select the right profile in Code Signing Identity (iPhone Developer)
First: go to build settings and check, if your valid Code Signing Identity is chosen.
I saw this error exactly one year after signing up as an Apple developer.
The identity used to sign the executable is no longer valid.
Please verify that your device’s clock is properly set, and that your
  signing certificate is not expired.
Firstly, the problem can lie in a number of locations, either your certificates (code signing identities) or your provisioning profiles.
OK, in XCode click on the Project (Above the Targets Heading), select Build Settings and scroll to 'Code Signing'.
Expand the 'CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY' heading and you will see a bunch of identities (Debug, Release etc.)
A sign that this might be the case is that when you click on a CODE_SIGNING_IDENTITY the identity is below Other...
This is usually a sure sign that there is an expired certificate lurking about and that one of your profiles is using it.
*** What I want to know is why this problem occur frequently after November 。
ps:My Apple Developer Account has been signing up several years.But this year I have changed Agent role to another e-mail account.
go to Preferences-> Accounts-> under your AppleId -> View Details -> under signing identities you can see the status of your certificate "Valid" or "Revoked" if revoked and you want to request a new one go to the -> + then -> the type of distribution you are trying to use.
In fact, i've noticed that this mobile provisioning was not associated with my signing identity.
With two's complement, storing a 4-bit number in an 8-bit register is a matter of repeating its most significant bit:
It's just a matter of looking at the sign bit of the smaller word and repeating it until it pads the width of the bigger word.
[Two's complement (hyper-link)] allows addition and subtraction to be done in the normal way (like you wound for unsigned numbers).
The two's-complement system has the advantage of not requiring that the addition and subtraction circuitry examine the signs of the operands to determine whether to add or subtract.
2's complement is the form you get if you take the usual unsigned representation where each bit controls the next power of 2, and just make the most significant term negative.
The usual unsigned binary interpretation is:
27*a7 + 26*a6 + 25*a5 + 24*a4 + 23*a3 + 22*a2 + 21*a1 + 20*a0
11111111 = 128 + 64 + 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 + 2 + 1 = 255
Sign-magnitude generally inspect the sign bit and use different logic.
And by carrying out those two steps you're trying to find this, final difference: the binary number subtracted from another binary number with one extra digit and containing zeros except at the most signification bit position.
Now what is 1's complement and what is its significance in addition.
All this yields one more question , why can we use only the (n-1) of the n bits to represent positive number and why does the left most nth bit represent sign (0 on the leftmost bit means +ve number , and 1 means -ve number ) .
unsigned char: 1 byte in plain binary
signed char: 1 byte in 2's complement
unsigned short: 2 bytes in plain binary notation
unsigned int: 4 bytes in plain binary notation
The reason that the 8 bit signed value for -1 is 11111111 is that subtracting any integer whose lowest 8 bits are 00000001 from any other integer whose lowest 8 bits are 0000000 will yield an integer whose lowest 8 bits are 11111111.
Mathematically, the value -1 would be an infinite string of 1's, but all values within the range of a particular integer type will either be all 1's or all 0's past a certain point, so it's convenient for computers to "sign-extend" the most significant bit of a number as though it represented an infinite number of 1's or 0's.
Two's-complement is just about the only signed-number representation that works well when dealing with types larger than a binary machine's natural word size, since when performing addition or subtraction, code can fetch the lowest chunk of each operand, compute the lowest chunk of the result, and store that, then load the next chunk of each operand, compute the next chunk of the result, and store that, etc.
Thus, even a processor which requires all additions and subtractions to go through a single 8-bit register can handle 32-bit signed numbers reasonably efficiently (slower than with a 32-bit register, of course, but still workable).
When using of the any other signed representations allowed by the C Standard, every bit of the result could potentially be affected by any bit of the operands, making it necessary to either hold an entire value in registers at once or else follow computations with an extra step that would, in at least some cases, require reading, modifying, and rewriting each chunk of the result.
For more information Visit [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signed_number_representations (hyper-link)]
unsigned number representation
signed number representation
-Unsigned number representation used to represent only positive numbers
-Signed number representation used to represent positive as well as a negative number.
In Signed number representation MSB bit represents sign bit and rest bits represents the number.
Problem with Signed number representation is that there are two values for 0.
To complement these other answers, the // operator also offers significant (3x) performance benefits over /, presuming you want integer division.
That's one of the design decisions.
And because integers are immutable, the only way to 'change' a variable is by reassigning it.
The actual type of size_t is platform-dependent; a common mistake is to assume size_t is the same as unsigned int, which can lead to programming errors, particularly as 64-bit architectures become more prevalent.
A call to vector<T>::size() returns a value of type std::vector<T>::size_type, not int, unsigned int or otherwise.
To represent whether a number is negative or not computer use a 'sign' bit.
int is a signed data type meaning it can hold positive and negative values (about -2billion to 2billion).
Unsigned can only store positive numbers (and since it doesn't waste a bit on metadata it can store more: 0 to about 4billion).
std::vector::size() returns an unsigned, for how could a vector have negative length?
However, unsigned int" route is correct.
Using unsigned int types will work better with the vector in the instance you used it.
Calling the size() member function on a vector returns an unsigned integer value, so you want to be comparing the variable "i" to a value of its own type.
Also, if you are still a little uneasy about how "unsigned int" looks in your code, try "uint".
This is basically a shortened version of "unsigned int" and it works exactly the same.
You need to sign assemblies if you want to put them in the [GAC (hyper-link)].
If you sign an executable, then any class libraries it links to also needs to be signed.
The reason for all the assemblies being signed with the same .snk file could be if he used unit testing with code coverage.
To be able to do code coverage (at least with the tools built into the testing version of Visual Studio 2005) and if the assemblies are signed, you need to specify what .snk files are used for the signing, but I think you can only specify one .snk file for the whole solution, so if you sign the various class libraries with different .snk files you can only check the code coverage on one of them at a time.
Why would the previous author have signed the assemblies in this way?
No idea, maybe he wanted all his assemblies to be signed with the same key.
Is signing assemblies necessary and what would be wrong with not signing it?
What disadvantages are there in signing assemblies - does it cause delays?
Signed assemblies can only load other signed assemblies.
There's a little performance overhead as well due to the verification of the signature but it is so little that you shouldn't be concerned about.
A very important reason to sign an assembly is so you can be sure it is your assembly.
Since the private key is yours, nobody else can sign an assembly with that same key.
Inspite of all the usages of signing dll, the dll should be signed for only two reasons
If you want to understand more about the basics and dll signing you can refer [here (hyper-link)]
In addition to existing answers, I would add that you must use the signing when your DLL is going to be dynamically loaded and consumed by 3rd party software.
Examples where you must sign an assembly:
Signing and assembly is important.
since it is signing that assembly in to that machine only.
The docs on strong name signing currently says:
Escape it by using backtick (`) as an escape character for the dollar sign ($).
[https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing.html (hyper-link)]
- > export signed application (apk?)
Sign your app
Compile and sign with Eclipse ADT
If you are using Eclipse with the ADT
  plugin, you can use the Export Wizard
  to export a signed .apk (and even
  create a new keystore, if necessary).
The Export Wizard performs all the
  interaction with the Keytool and
  Jarsigner for you, which allows you to
  sign the package using a GUI instead
  of performing the manual procedures to
  compile, sign, and align, as discussed
  above.
Once the wizard has compiled
  and signed your package, it will also
  perform package alignment with
  zip align.
Because the Export Wizard
  uses both Keytool and Jarsigner, you
  should ensure that they are accessible
  on your computer, as described above
  in the Basic Setup for Signing.
To create a signed and aligned .apk in
  Eclipse:
The Export Android Application wizard now starts, which will guide
  you through the process of signing
  your application, including steps for
  selecting the private key with which
  to sign the .apk (or creating a new
  keystore and private key).
Complete the Export Wizard and your application will be compiled,
  signed, aligned, and ready for
  distribution.
For users of IntelliJ IDEA or Android Studio make these steps:
* From the menu Build/Generate signed APK
* You need to create a keystore path.
Your signed APK file is ready.
Help file: [https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/webhelp/generate-signed-apk-wizard.html (hyper-link)]
Follow these below steps and you will get your signed .apk file.
Steps to sign your application:
Export the unsigned package:
Right click on the project in Eclipse -> Android Tools -> Export Unsigned Application Package (like here we export our GoogleDriveApp.apk to Desktop)
Sign the application using your keystore and the jarsigner tool (follow below steps):
Open cmd-->change directory where your "jarsigner.exe" exist (like here in my system it exist at "C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_17\bin"
jarsigner -verbose -keystore c:\users\android\debug.keystore
  c:\users\pir fahim\Desktops\GoogleDriveApp.apk my_keystore_alias
It will ask you to provide your password:
Enter Passphrase for keystore:
It will sign your apk.To verify that the signing is successful you can run:
jarsigner -verify c:\users\pir fahim\Desktops\GoogleDriveApp.apk
If you are using eclipse with ADT, then it is simple to compiled, signed, aligned, and ready the file for distribution.what you have to do just follow this steps.
These steps will compiled, signed and zip aligned your project and now you are ready to distribute your project or upload at Google Play store.
Here is a guide on how to manually sign an APK.
It includes info about the new apk-signer introduced in build-tools 24.0.3 (10/2016)
Use this tool (uses the new apksigner from Google):
[https://github.com/patrickfav/uber-apk-signer (hyper-link)]
You need to generate a keystore once and use it to sign your unsigned apk.
Note: when using the old jarsigner you need to zipalign AFTER signing.
When using the new apksigner method you do it BEFORE signing (confusing, I know).
[Invoking zipalign before apksigner works fine (hyper-link)] because apksigner preserves APK alignment and compression (unlike jarsigner).
Use [jarsigner (hyper-link)] which, like the keytool, [comes with the JDK distribution (hyper-link)] found in  %JAVA_HOME%/bin/ and use it like so:
Android 7.0 introduces APK Signature Scheme v2, a new app-signing scheme that offers faster app install times and more protection against unauthorized alterations to APK files (See [here (hyper-link)] and [here (hyper-link)] for more details).
Threfore Google implemented their [own apk signer called apksigner (hyper-link)] (duh!)
To manually sign an Android APK file run these three commands:
Sign Your APK file using jarsigner
[code snippet]
Align Signed APK using zipalign tool
[code snippet]
jarsigner -verbose -sigalg SHA1withRSA -digestalg SHA1 -keystore
  KEYSTORE_FILE_PATH UNSIGNED_APK_PATH ALIAS_NAME
jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs JARSIGNED_APK_FILE_PATH
zipalign -v 4 JARSIGNED_APK_FILE_PATH ZIPALIGNED_SIGNED_APK_FILE_PATH_WITH_NAME_ofSignedAPK
The verify command is just to check whether APK is built and signed correctly!
[signing-manually (hyper-link)]
[androidapk-code-signing-process (hyper-link)]
Go to [https://id.atlassian.com/manage/change-password (hyper-link)] (sign in using your Google account) and then enter a new password in both the old and new password boxes.
And you can use that generated password to access or to push commits from your terminal, when using a Google Account to sign in into Bitbucket.
I do not know why, but the certificate created by the simple 'Create Self Signed Certificate' link in IIS Manager does not do the trick.
I followed the approach in the linked question of creating and installing a self-signed CA Root; then using that to issue a Server Authentication Certificate for my server.
With the advent of LetsEncrypt.org, it is now fairly simple, automated and free to set up SSL as an alternative to self-signed certs and negates the need to turn off sslVerify.
This should solve your issue with the self-signed certificates and using GIT.
In case of github Repositories (or any none-self-signed certs), choosing below while installing Git-on-windows, resolved the issue.
I was cloning an Azure DevOps repo which wasn't using any self signed certs..
Then download google-services.json from here, add it to project and recompile with release keystore using option "Build signed APK".
When you upload an apk to the play store then play store creates a new SHA1 key called "App signing certificate".
The problem was created when Google Play App Signing was enabled for my app.
Google Play App Signing changes the SHA-1 certificate fingerprint (from what is in my keystore) to their own SHA-1 certificate fingerprint.
Click your application >> Release Management >> App Signing.
You will see "App signing certificate" and "Upload certificate"
Copy the SHA-1 From "App Signing Certificate."
Paste the SHA-1 App Signing Certificate.
-signing SHA1 (it getting from play store)
You need to add signing SHA1 to firebase after publish your application here i am attaching two screen shots please have a look .
1) when you create / publish an app through google play console, there is an option for enable Google Play App Signing.
Google Play App Signing is enabled for this app.
Relese management -> App signing
1- Upload certificate ( your app certificate provided when generating signed apk)
2- App signing certificate ( because you enabled Google Play App Signing, so they provided new certificate details for your published apk)
such as
  Integrating google sign in (change SHA-1 of [OAuth client (hyper-link)]),
  facebook login (change [key Hash (hyper-link)]  (generate key hash using SHA-1
  use this [link (hyper-link)]  or copy the key hash provided by facebook login
  error screen), [firebase (hyper-link)] etc.
[create (hyper-link)] / use Keystore details of signed apk.
if asked for password enter your signed apk keystore password.
If you enabled "Google Play App Signing" when publishing your app, you are now probably dealing with two fingerprints:
The new one generated by Google when you enabled Signing (the "signing certificate").
The one that you created before publishing your app (and before enabling google signing), which is indeed the "right" one.
A NEW one created by Google when you enabled Google Signing.
In order for Google Sign-in (and all related Games Services features) to work, I had to correct the fingerprint for my pre-existing OAuth2 Client ID (the one that I created before publishing my app).
Look for the "Signing" certificate: Google Play Console -> Games Services -> Select your App -> Game Details -> API Console project -> Credentials -> OAuth 2.0 client IDs --> "Android client for XXXXXX (auto created by Google Service)" --> Take note of the value (xx:xx:xx:etc....) Comment: In order to reuse this value in my other OAuth 2.0 client ID, I had to replace it with some dummy number.
New SHA1 can be found at Setup->App Signing on your play console.
In the "Build" section, check the "code signing" section for any old profiles and replace with the correct one.
Project&Targets Properties -> "Don't Code Sign" -> OK -> cmd+S(or cmd+B);
So I just change the Debug provisions to "Don't Code Sign", and the Release provision to my app's appstore provision.
Select the lines in codesigning that are blank under Any iOS SDK and select the right certificate.
5) In the release section take a look at CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY & "CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY[sdk=iphoneos*]" it should look something like this:
8) make sure that the second section matches the first section so that CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY, "CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY[sdk=iphoneos*], and PROVISIONING_PROFILE are all filled in.
The solution of Brad Smith worked for me, but I also had to remove the CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY field to make it work.
Assumedly this is happening because Xcode has an old reference to your provisioning profile in either the codesigning build settings for the project or the targets.
Go to both target build settings and project build settings, Under code signing change all the provisioning profiles to something else.
However, if you are trying to put the pound sign literal in to your code, you'll need an encoding that supports it for the entire file.
To make it work I also needed to [integrate Google sign-in (hyper-link)] into my app:
generated json config file with enabled Google Sign-In
I think it only works with a signed apk.
If you follow the documentation found here:
[https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/android/start-integrating (hyper-link)]
Usually we use 2 keystore, 1 using debug keystore and 1 using signed keystore for published.
So if we want to need in debug & publish mode, register your OAuth Client ID for Android twice, 1 using SHA1 from debug keystore and 1 from signed keystore for published.
I had this problem too, after following Google's instructions for [Automatically signing your app (hyper-link)].
If you are using this method to sign your apps, you will need to include the generated keystore fingerprint in your API credentials.
But if still it is not working and you ar using google play services 8.4.0 (i.e.compile 'com.google.android.gms:play-services:8.4.0'), the issue could be solved by modifying GoogleSignInOption object.
[My main problem] Sign your app if you work on debug mode like below:
Create SHA1 signature for project using debug keystore.
Using SHA1 signature, register your app for Google Signin on Google Developer Console.
Mount the device in your system -> copy this signed debug version of APK and install it.
If you directly run the project then APK is not actually signed with the debug keystore and google does not recognise it at all.
Signing part:
In my case, my Credentials for Client ID for Android on [Google APIs Console (hyper-link)] only contained the SHA-1 for my release signed APK.
Android Studio was using the default debug keystore to sign my debug builds, and in that case the debug keystore SHA-1 did not match the Android client SHA-1 online.
My solution was to simply sign the debug builds with the release keystore.
In Android Studio, Build/Edit Build Types..., then select your debug build type and make sure Signing Config is set to your release certificate.
From my weird experience with this error, I can say that you also need to try to reboot your phone in order to get rid of this error :)
I was implemented Google Sign In using G Suite accounts which have a device policy assigned via Google Admin.
So on the first sign in it was requiring to install Device Policy app.
Create a app using correct package name & Signing-certificate fingerprint SHA-1 [https://developers.google.com/mobile/add?platform=android&cntapi=signin (hyper-link)]
Enable google sign-in
OAuth for android (This needs to be created using correct package name & Signing-certificate fingerprint SHA-1).
Note: If you enabled only Google Sign-In when you generated the configuration file, you need not to add the google-servies.json file in your project.
put this code for GoogleSignnOption
tip 2: if you from Iran like me you can get the user from google but you can not AuthWithGoogle and result will fail in auth.signInWithCredential(credential) and you had to use some proxy for returning true.
Follow the guide at [https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/android/start (hyper-link)]
1.Specify signingConfigs in your gradle file
2.Go to Build Types in Project Structure (in Android Studio) and specify signingConfigs to "config"
Build a signed apk (With remember password checked).
Before signing check the filename of the keystore file and the one yo give in while signing the apk (in android studio).
Install the signed apk in your device.
Since the app requests Google sign in from web view we need to create web application auth client id v2.0
Make a signed APK.
To sign an APK, choose existing path of the keystore you have used for creating SHA-1.
I have developed lib to Add Google SignIn option in your app with just few lines of code.
Try [HiGoogle- Google SignIn Made Easy (hyper-link)]
I want this function to work with all
  positive 64-bit signed integers
Note that in my implementation in C++, I'm using unsigned long long, so since you're signed, you'd have to use the >>> operator.
Considering for general bit length (though I have used specific type here), I tried to design simplistic algo as below.
I'm neither expert at maths or computer algorithm design in particular, I would love to see you pointing out problem.
I actually designed this to implement Fermat's Factorization algorithm, and it is very fast there.
However, it can add to the runtime if many of the tested numbers have significant power-of-two factors.
If a processor provides an instruction like POPCNT in the Pentium, that counts the leading zeroes we can use that to have a starting value with half the significant bits.
my problem was with the accents (á É ñ ) and the plus sign (+) when i to try to save javascript "code examples" to mysql:
Basics of Single Sign on, July 2012
[http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/429166/Basics-of-Single-Sign-on-SSO (hyper-link)]
It offers an elegant and easy way to add support for Single Sign-On and Single-Logout SAML to your ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Core, Desktop, and Service applications.
If the user has not signed in to the master it requests authentication from the user (ie.
The best supported way to prevent automatic sign-in is to use the API method gapi.auth2.getAuthInstance().signOut() which will prevent automatic sign-in on your site after it has been called.
In the demo, the user is signed out when they leave the page as shown in the following code:
closes the window, navigates away), they will be signed out and the sign in button will not trigger sign-in until the user clicks it.
I don't recommend you do this in your own implementation but instead allow the user to explicitly sign out when they no longer desire want to be signed in.
Also, please note that my example is a demo, you probably do not want to sign the user out automatically any time they leave your site.
First, you should not be using data-approvalprompt="force" as this will cause extra authorized subtokens to be issued to your application / client and is designed to be used in scenarios where the user needs to be reauthorized after credentials have been lost server-side.
Second, you probably do not want to have the behavior where the user needs to click to sign in because they are already "signed in" to their Google account and it could be confusing to need to sign in (or trigger sign-in) again, separately, for your site.
If you really wanted to do this, you would perform an explicit render for the signin button but would not make the call to gapi.signin.render as documented in the [Google+ sign-in documentation (hyper-link)] until you are aware that the user will not automatically get signed in.
The following code shows how to enable explicit render of the sign-in button:
How you're communicating that the user is signed out of your site is probably going to vary from site to site, but one approach could be to set a cookie indicating the "signed out" state for a user and then using this as the trigger for blocking explicit load.
The behavior gets a little trickier when a user visits your site and has disabled cookies or uses a separate, signed-in, browser.
To address this, you could do something complicated like querying the user state from your server over XHR on the sign-in callback and pretending not to know the user is signed in to Google+.
Unfortunately calling gapi.auth.signOut() made the app to log-in again when I'm requesting user data (neither it is persistent)
I am using [https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/build-button (hyper-link)] to build the sign in button for my web app which gives the user a choice to log in through either Facebook or Google.
However it also came with automatic signing in of the user if the user is already signed in.
Thus, adding the following snippet in the beginning of the script helped me control the signup procedure.
I have been struggling with this for a while and could not find a way to prevent automatic sign in to Google using the "easy implementation" of the Sign-in
I ended up using the [custom integration (hyper-link)] which does not attempt to auto sign in (also allowed me to change the appearance in the same time)
If i'm correct you have your own sign in mechanism for your site and just need google sign in to sign up a user on verified email.
Next time you load the page you will see "sign in" button instead of "signed in " button.
I solved this by adding a click handler to my Google sign-in button.
The click handler sets a global Javascript variable google_sign_in to true.
When the onSuccess() handler fires (whether automatically on page load, or manually when the user clicks the sign-in button), it first checks whether google_sign_in == true and only then does it continue signing the user in:
The accepted answer no longer works when you start to use both Google Sign In and OAuth access tokens for other Google services.
The access tokens expire immediately when the user is signed out.
Instead, I would recommend the answer from [this SO post (hyper-link)], which involves attaching a click event handler to the Google sign in button.
Only once the user clicks the sign in button and successfully logs into their Google account will the callbacks events fire.
As you know, a dollar sign marks a variable.
To check if there is a dollar sign in a variable, do
Your issue is not with the echo but with the assignment to $filename.
Instead, use single quotes in the assignment:
Then how to process $1 that I can detect whether there is a dollar
  sign in parameter $1
foo$bar$baz was getting assigned to PS1 and $bar and $baz were then expanded.
Escaping the dollar signs before including the branch name in PS1 prevents unwanted expansions.
The dollar sign ($) and the underscore (_) are permitted anywhere in
  an identifier.
The dollar sign is intended for use only in
  mechanically generated code.
You may also check [JavaScript Dollar Sign ($) - What is it for?
By convention, the dollar sign ($), the underscore (_) and even some
  ASCII character are permitted to be used anywhere in a JavaScript
  identifier (Source: Ecma Script documentation (7.6 Identifiers,
  ECMA-262, 3rd Ed.)
the dollar sign is intended for use only in
  mechanically generated code.
This means that we do not want to use the
  dollar sign ($) in our indentifier names, unless we are writing a
  framework.
Actually dollar sign function has become the more-or-less de facto shortcut to document.getElementById().
1) Is it correct that dollar sign was not assigned, a few years back, or do I remember wrong?
2) What is the dollar sign, if not jQuery?
Dollar sign($) was not assigned, but some browser add function for special usage.
This function assigned for Google Chrome Developer Tool, and let debug more easier.
If you are using the following Windows versions or later: Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2012 R2, or Windows 8.1 then [MakeCert is now deprecated (hyper-link)], and Microsoft recommends using [the PowerShell Cmdlet New-SelfSignedCertificate (hyper-link)].
While you can create a self-signed code-signing certificate (SPC - [Software Publisher Certificate (hyper-link)]) in one go, I prefer to do the following:
This creates a self-signed (-r) certificate, with an exportable private key (-pe).
The key is meant for signing (-sky).
If you import the PFX file into the certificate store (you can use PVKIMPRT or the MMC snapin), you can sign code as follows:
Some possible timestamp URLs for signtool /t are:
http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll
http://timestamp.globalsign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll
[signtool (hyper-link)]
The commands you need are [New-SelfSignedCertificate (hyper-link)] and [Export-PfxCertificate (hyper-link)].
Instructions are in [Creating Self Signed Certificates with PowerShell (hyper-link)].
It's fairly easy using the [New-SelfSignedCertificate (hyper-link)] command in Powershell.
1) Create certificate:
     $cert = New-SelfSignedCertificate -DnsName www.yourwebsite.com
  -Type CodeSigning -CertStoreLocation Cert:\CurrentUser\My
3) Export it:
    Export-PfxCertificate -Cert "cert:\CurrentUser\My\$($cert.Thumbprint)"
  -FilePath "d:\selfsigncert.pfx" -Password $CertPassword
Your certificate selfsigncert.pfx will be located @ D:/
As stated in the answer, in order to use a non deprecated way to sign your own script, one should use [New-SelfSignedCertificate (hyper-link)].
Sign the script (assuming here it's named script.ps1, fix the path accordingly).
Obviously once you have setup the key, you can simply sign any other scripts with it.
As far as I know, the dollar sign is just a regular character that can be used in variable names.
It could be a convention to signify a property that shouldn't be messed around with.
As you mentioned, the single dollar sign function $() has become almost-standard in various JavaScript libraries.
There is no longer any special significance to the $$ prefixes.
Short answer, the $ sign is a valid identifier in JavaScript so you are just looking at a bunch of ugly variable names.
Double dollar sign is referenced in the following terms -
I will explain the remaining part of the solution using the smaller set of 3 bit signed itegers ranging from -4 to +3.
Interpreted as unsigned integer it is +4 but we have to interpret it as signed integer -4.
Another idea is that since they didn't define the result of the first call to the function you could use odd/evenness to control whether to invert the sign:
The result of two calls has the same magnitude, but the one call where it's even we swap the sign.
It's basically messing with the 2 most significant bits:
Basically, I'd place this bit to 1 after the first call to signal the second call the first had already passed.
I tried to visualize this on the following figure, assuming signed 8-bit data.
If the answer is "Never you mind, assume it's needed, and show me how you would design this function."
Really, these questions are more about seeing the interviewer wrestle with the spec, and the design, error handling, boundary cases and the choice of suitable environment for the solution, etc, more than they are about the actual solution.
If the function f is only permitted to land only on signed 32bit integers, then the various solutions above will all work except for three of the input range numbers as others have pointed out.
You'll need a sign function.
If I remember correctly, you negate a signed 32-bit integer by just flipping the first bit.
So how do we define a function f that takes a signed 32-bit integer and returns another signed 32-bit integer with the property that taking f twice is the same as flipping the first bit?
The problem states "32-bit signed integers" but doesn't specify whether they are [twos-complement (hyper-link)] or [ones-complement (hyper-link)].
It works by taking the available range of a 32 bit signed int and dividing it in two.
I would you change the 2 most significant bits.
The result of the function needs to be a signed integer.
Nothing says that the parameters have to be 32 bit signed integers, only that the value 'n' you pass in is.
Note that even numbers change sign, and the odd numbers are increased or decreased by 1.
Convert n to Sign-and-magnitude representation;
Tested with big and small positive and negative values, INT_MIN, INT_MAX, it seems to work... Can be made thread safe if that is a concern, it wasn't a part of the assignment though.
Convert from 2-complement to sign bit representation
If the last bit is set, flip the sign bit and the last bit; otherwise, flip just the last bit
So you basically go odd -> even -> odd or even -> odd -> even, and change the sign only for even numbers.
This set of cycles maximizes the ranges of inputs that will work within any machine type centered around zero, such as signed int32 or signed int64 types.
For signed integer representations, we always have a smallest negative number with no positive counterpart in the range, so the problem becomes unsolveable on the complete range.
For example, a signed char has range [-128, 127], so it's impossible for f(f(-128)) = 128 within the given range.
After some digging, I started using NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=A_FILE_IN_OUR_PROJECT that has a PEM format of our self signed cert and all my scripts are working again.
So, if your project has self signed certs, perhaps this env var will help you.
1) Log in to production server via remote access, and sign in to gmail once with your credentials.
First I approved all unknown devices (some ip-addresses originating from Ireland) on the following page (signed in as the gmail user):
[https://security.google.com/settings/u/1/security/secureaccount (hyper-link)]
Also, the package name must be the same and the .apk must be signed with the same private key.
If the package name and signing certificate do not match those of the existing version, Market will consider it a new application and will not offer it to users as an update.
Nothing - Google says it clearly that the application is identified by the keys used to sign it.
If you have previous apk file with you(backup) then use jarSigner to extract certificate from that that apk, then use that key or use keytool to clone that certificate, may be that will help...
Helpful links are [jarsigner docs (hyper-link)] and [keytool docs (hyper-link)].
Google Play does not allow you to publish an app signed with your debug keystore.
If you try to upload such an APK, Google Play will fail with the message "You uploaded an APK that was signed in debug mode.
You need to sign your APK in release mode."
However, if you try to upload an update which is signed with the debug keystore, you will not see this message; Google Play will display the message shown in the question, referring to SHA1 fingerprints.
So firstly, check whether you signed the app with your debug key by mistake.
You can check which certificates the original APK and update APK were signed with by using these commands, using the Java keytool:
This shows you detailed information about the how an APK was signed, for example:
If that keytool command doesn't work (the -jarfile option requires Java 7), you can get more basic information via the jarsigner command:
If the Owner/X.509 identity value is CN=Android Debug, O=Android, C=US, then you have signed the APK with your debug key, not the original release key
If the SHA1 fingerprint value is different between the original and update APKs, then you did not use the same signing key for both APKs
If the Owner/X.509 identity values are different, or the certificate expiry dates differ between the two APKs, then you did not use the same signing key for both APKs
Android mentions this explicitly on the [Signing Your Application (hyper-link)] page:
If you publish an app to Google Play and then lose the key with which you signed your app, you will not be able to publish any updates to your app, since you must always sign all versions of your app with the same key.
After the first release of an APK, all subsequent releases must be signed with the exact same key.
Even if you do find the original, you can't sign an APK with key A, then sign the next update with both keys A and B, then sign the next update after that with only key B.
Signing an APK (or any JAR file) with multiple keys is technically possible, but Google Play no longer accepts APKs with multiple signatures.
Attempting to do so will result in the message "Your APK has been signed with multiple certificates.
Please only sign it with one certificate and upload it again."
I had faced this issue recently, after trying different ways to sign in like enable V1 Or V2, signed in by changing alias name and last come to know that I am using wrong key store file
You can use new feature Google play app signing to generate a new key file .
you need to enable google play app signing on play store console.
You need to to choose "release" in "Build Variants" frame when you generate signed APK.
Redirecting the user to the central authentication service when the user is not logged in to request credentials and issue a new authentication token is the common scenario in Single Sign On systems using well-known protocols like oauth2 or OpenId Connect
Not sure if this answers you question, but if your main goal is single sign-on, I think a simple [reverse proxy (hyper-link)] would solve your problem (at least the cross-domain storage one).
you will get an error now while you come to sign in page, to fix it.
Not sure if this is the best way but its my solution currently, as it just redirects back to the sign in page.
In the post they were attempting to only block user signup's during production.
They added flash messages incase that someone somehow made it to the sign_up page.
I successfully removed the routes to signup, but kept the ones to edit the profile, with the following code.
Delete the sign_up form from page (path  devise/registrations/new.html.erb) and replace it with custom info.
[http://blog.macromates.com/2006/keychain-access-from-shell/ (hyper-link)]
[http://www.thoughtworks.com/es/insights/blog/signing-open-source-android-apps-without-disclosing-passwords (hyper-link)]
The accepted answer use a file to controls which keystore to use to sign the APK that resides in the same root folder of project.
This code will search for AndroidProject.signing property in gradle.properties from step 1.
Then all the property value from it will be used as signing configuration for our build.gradle.
Read more at [Signing Android apk without putting keystore info in build.gradle (hyper-link)]
The reason I chose a .json file type, and not a .properties file type (as in the accepted answer), is because I wanted to also store other data (other custom properties I needed) to that same file (my_project/credentials.json), and still have gradle parse the signing information from within that file as well.
It is possible to take any existing Android Studio gradle project and build/sign it from the command line without editing any files.
keystore.jks and signing.properties should be self explanatory.
And signing.gradle looks like this:
As you can see, you don't have to specify the buildTypes at all, if user has access to a valid signing directory, he just puts it in the module and he can build a valid signed release application, otherwise it just works for him like it would normally do.
My password contained a special character which dollar sign $ and I had to escape that in gradle.properties file.
After that, signing worked for me.
Add this signing config to build.gradle:
[code snippet]
Currently only for unsigned, but extending it to signed should not be that difficult.
For each bit position starting with most significant:
Prozessor designers have to know that, but this must then work for all numbers, not only for division by 3"
Settings | Code Style | Wrapping and Braces, under Binary Expressions group enable Operation sign on next line:
Editor > Code Style > Java > Wrapping and Braces (tab) > Binary Expressions (group) > Operation sign on next line (check box)
There you have the checkbox "Operation sign on next line"
UPDATE: as of Scala-2.10, using equals sign is preferred.
The method bar has signature String=>Unit.
I have sometimes forgotten to add an equal sign and believed my method was returning a value when actually it was returning Unit.
You must use equals sign in call declarations except the definitions returning Unit.
In this latter case, you may forgo the equals sign.
Using equals sign and declaring the return type will always work.
for method that dont have a return value,  a way to express such methods is leaving out the result type and the
equals sign, following the method with a block enclosed in curly braces.
1)As the answers, make sure that your actual signed Android apk has the same SHA1 fingerprint as what you specified in the console of your Firebase project's Android integration section (the page where you can download the google-services.json)
Sign in to Firebase.
I was facing the same issue, After checking around for a solution, from regenerating the finger print to linking the app on firebase to the Google play console and publishing the signed apk, the issue was actually because I was using the release SHA-1 on the firebase console.
[https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing.html (hyper-link)]
When using App Signing by Google Play and Firebase, you need to add the SHA-1 fingerprint of the App signing certificate (found on Google Play Console/ Release Management/ App signing certificate) to the Firebase Console/ Settings/ SHA certificate fingerprints
In my case to work on the emulator, I followed the steps [https://stackoverflow.com/a/46767856/6800637 (hyper-link)], and in addition to putting in [https://console.firebase.google.com (hyper-link)] projectName/ settings / general, my signature key sha1 and sha256 I also put the key sha1 from [debug.keystore]
which is shown when you follow the steps mentioned above
Double Click on signingReport (You will get SHA1 and MD5 in Run Bar(Sometimes it will be in Gradle Console))
On the right side open Gradle panel -> go to Tasks -> android -> run signingReport
In onSignedIn you should do the google sheet api call
After adding the SHA1 and SHA256 app signing certificates it still didn't work.
I had this problem recently when trying to use google sign in using Firebase.
I could fix it by updating requestIdToken in GoogleSignInOptions to the one provided as client_id in google-services.json file.
After adding the SHA1 and SHA256 app signing certificates it works.
Make you use .requestIdToken(getString(R.string.default_web_client_id)) when you Build GoogleSignInOptions:
development and production the trick is when you want to test production, you'll need to upload the APK to Google Play if you use Google Play to manage the signing of your app.
If you are on flutter, take a look on where you initialized your GoogleSignIn, for me adding the clientId parameter worked on iOS but breaks android try that as well
Signing is producing a "hash" with your private key that can be verified with your public key.
Signing you can use to let the receiver know you created the message and it has not changed during transfer.
Message signing is done using your own private key.
Yeah think of signing data as giving it your own wax stamp that nobody else has.
A signature is a hash of your message signed using your private key.
When signing, you use your private key to write message's signature, and they use your public key to check if it's really yours.
This is signing, it is done with your private key.
But if you want people to know that the keys are really yours, you need to generate random data, keep in it a database AND sign it with your key.
I would like to include my public key in my software to decrypt/read the signature of the key.
You'll probably need to purchase a certificate for your public key from a commercial provider like Verisign or Thawte, so that people may check that no one had forged your software and replaced your public key with theirs.
You are describing exactly how and why signing is used in public key cryptography.
Note that it's very dangerous to sign (or encrypt) aritrary messages supplied by others - this allows attacks on the algorithms that could compromise your keys.
A signature is proof that the signer has the private key that matches some public key.
However, this means doubling the size of your transmission - plaintext and ciphertext together (assuming you want people who aren't interested in verifying the signature, to read the message).
So instead, typically a signature is created by creating a hash of the plaintext.
To generate a signature, make a hash from the plaintext, encrypt it with your private key, include it alongside the plaintext.
To verify a signature, make a hash from the plaintext, decrypt the signature with the sender's public key, check that both hashes are the same.
So you encode your data into some binary representation, then you sign with your private key.
If you cannot verify the signature via your public key, you know that the signed data is not generated with your private key.
("verification" meaning that the unsigned data is not meaningful)
Signing indicates you really are the source or vouch for of the object signed.
Encrypting means only those with the corresponding private key can read it, but without signing there is no guarantee you are behind the encrypted object.
A Digital Signature will solve this issue as the raw data that makes the key can be signed with a private key which makes it not human readable but could be decoded if reverse engineered.
Python
The PyNaCl documentation has an example of 'Digital Signature' which will suite the purpose.
[http://pynacl.readthedocs.org/en/latest/signing/ (hyper-link)]
Alice signs the message with her private key and sends it over.
(In practice, what is signed is a hash of the message, e.g.
Since Alice's public key successfully verified the message, Bob can conclude that the message has been signed by Alice.
What is the difference between encrypting some data vs signing some data (using RSA)?
Encryption preserves confidentiality of the message ("some data"), while signing provides non-repudiation: i.e.
only the entity that signed it could have signed it.
The use of the same private keys for signing and decryption (or, likewise, the same public keys for verification and encryption) is frowned upon, as you should not mix purposes.
the signing key should have a shorter live and contain more protection before it is used.
For the same message, you should use the senders private key for signing and the receivers trusted public key for encryption.
Commonly sign-then-encrypt is used otherwise an adversary could replace the signature with his own.
Furthermore, you should understand that signature generation doesn't use "encryption with the private key".
Although all RSA operations are based upon modular exponentiation, the padding scheme is entirely different for signature generation.
That's non-repudiation property, which can be achieved by signing.
Signing will generally not influence the content of the message.
The message is is considered separate from signatures.
Officially such signatures are known as "signatures with appendix" where the appendix is the message.
It's a bit weird name as the message is considered more important than the signature over it, but yeah.
Only few signatures offer (partial) message recovery; they are not used much anymore and are generally considered deprecated.
Note that signature protocols such as CMS may deploy a container format that includes both the message and the signature.
In the past RSA signature generation was often thought of as "encryption with the private key".
However, the operations are quite different as explained above, and the later standards desperately try and separate encryption and signature generation.
I would like to include my public key in my software to decrypt/read the signature of the key.
You can perform code signing but then you'd need something to check the signature outside of your code.
Application stores like the iStore and Android app store may or may not use code signing, but they offer some reassurance that your application isn't cloned or at least not cloned within the store.
Is signing useful in this scenario?
It can certainly help making sure that the messages were only signed by you, if there is trust in the public key.
What is the difference between encrypting some data vs signing some data (using RSA)?
RSA merely the only public-key cryptosystem that naively supports both public-key encryption and digital signatures.
RSA decryption is the RSA signature.
the textbook RSA signatures;
message m and calculates sg = m^d mod n for verification and m == sg^e mod n for the signature verification.
The correct term for signature is signing and verification.
For secure signing, RSA needs RSA-PSS ([Probabilistic signature scheme (hyper-link)]).
Once you hash the message and properly padded, then you can use your private key to sign your padded message!
For the verification, use the public key on the signed message and verify using the padding rules.
[RSA Signing is Not RSA Decryption (hyper-link)]
Here's a [post (hyper-link)] explaining how to digitally sign a pdf file.
Proper PDF signing is a very sophisticated task.
Then various Acrobat versions treat certain things in signed fields differently.
Digitally signing a PDF document without using a third-party component entails a great deal of work and is generally best avoided.
The following example written in C# shows how simple it is to digitally sign a PDF document using ABCpdf:
Source: [ABCpdf documentation - Sign method (hyper-link)]
Is there a way to remove all these signs from the input string and
  keeping only the letters & punctuation in the different languages?
if (a*b < 0) sign is different, else sign is the same (or a or b is zero)
Because when two integers share a sign, the result of multiplication will always be positive.
You can also make it >= 0 if you want to treat 0 as being the same sign no matter what.
int same_sign = !
if ( same_sign ) ...
else             ...
will evaluate to 1 if the sign is the same, 0 otherwise.
I would be wary of any bitwise tricks to determine the sign of integers, as then you have to make assumptions about how those numbers are represented internally.
This would mean that 0 would have the same sign as a positive number though, which is at odds with the sign function implemented in most languages.
Personally, I'd just use the sign function of your chosen language.
Note: Since we are using exclusive or, we want the LHS and the RHS to be different when the signs are the same, thus the different check against zero.
I see a lot of answers that are assuming signed 32-bit integers (though it would be silly to ask for unsigned); I'm not certain they'd apply to floating-point values.
If the signs are opposite, you get false.
If the signs are the same, you get true.
Better way using [std::signbit (hyper-link)] as follows:
[How can I] Change the password, so I can share it with others and let them sign
[KeyStore Explorer (hyper-link)] is an open source GUI replacement for the Java command-line utilities keytool and jarsigner.
The pound sign (#) indicates to locate an anchor on the page.
The specific question was "I have inspected some sites and they have a pound(#) sign in the url.
The first signs a certificate using SecurityTokenReference and the second signs a certificate using BinaryTokenReference.
(#1) A SOAP XML template is loaded, this is the template that will be signed with the pfx certificate and the BinarySecurityToken;
This XML is a KeyInfo, [a storage to contain your certificate private key, used to verify the signature (hyper-link)];
(#6) Signing the XML using Chicklat XML Digital Signature Generator.
You can use [SignXML (hyper-link)] for the XML Digital Signature generation.
Example 1: [Sign SOAP XML using a wsse:SecurityTokenReference (hyper-link)]
Example 2: [Sign with BinarySecurityToken (hyper-link)]
Additionally most Number implementations have a signum method taking a primitive of that type and returning an int, so you can avoid casting for extra performance.
If you just want the IEEE 754 sign bit from the float value you can use:
NaN can technically have either a 0 or 1 sign bit.
Now, after signing to the developer portal, for every invalid provisioning profile have a button "Renew".
Only after this step I got rid of the message "A valid signing identity matching this profile could not be found in your keychain" in Organizer.
2) A certificate made from the signing request of those keys
Open keychain  access, and create a signing request which you save to file (when you create the request, a private and public key is created in your keychain).
Create/Update a certificate in the provisioning portal by sending apple this signing request
Without your private key, you will be unable to sign binaries in Xcode and test your application on any Apple device.
That is TWO STEPS on the portal in order to get the thing signed.
If not, Xcode will not see the cert and will not be able to sign your code.
Re select the correct provision profiles for all possible code signings( they should not all be the same)
My error is "Code Sign error: The identity 'iPhone Developer' doesn't match any valid, non-expired certificate/private key pair in your keychains"
The app extension could not be signed with the error
to each of the existing % signs in the string and then add ESCAPE '!'
When you want a single digit number after the% sign, you can write the following code.
All of the tests in the git source rely on grepping the output of git show (see [t/t7510-signed-commit.sh (hyper-link)] for the tests).
It appears you can ask git merge to verify a signature but again, its tests rely on grep (see [t/t7612-merge-verify-signatures.sh (hyper-link)]).
It does look like an invalid signature will cause git merge to exit with a bad signature, so you could potentially today hack around this by doing a test merge somewhere and throwing out that merge but that seems worse than just calling grep.
However, it can also be useful to get access to the raw gpg status information, which is machine-readable, allowing automated implementation of signing policy.
verify-tag exits successfully if the signature is good but the key is
untrusted.
Verify that the tip commit of the side branch being merged is signed with a valid key, i.e.
a key that has a valid uid: in the default trust model, this means the signing key has been signed by a trusted key.
If the tip commit of the side branch is not signed with a valid key, the merge is aborted.
"git log --show-signature" and other commands that display the verification status of PGP signature now shows the longer key-id, as 32-bit key-id is so last century.
pretty format specifier was not rich enough to differentiate a signature made by an expired key, a signature made by a revoked key, etc.
New output letters have been assigned to express them.
For each signature only one of the codes GOODSIG, BADSIG, EXPSIG, EXPKEYSIG, REVKEYSIG or ERRSIG will be emitted.
"G" for a good (valid) signature,
"B" for a bad signature,
"U" for a good signature with unknown validity,
"X" for a good signature that has expired,
"Y" for a good signature made by an expired key,
"R" for a good signature made by a revoked key,
"E" if the signature cannot be checked (e.g.
missing key)
and "N" for no signature
Git 2.16 (Q1 2018) will allow the commit signature verification to be even more automated, with the merge.verifySignatures configuration variable.
git merge --verify-signatures can be used to verify that the tip commit
of the branch being merged in is properly signed, but it's cumbersome to
have to specify that every time.
Add a configuration option that enables this behaviour by default, which
can be overridden by --no-verify-signatures.
If true, this is equivalent to the --verify-signatures command line option.
Git 2.19 (Q3 2018) is even more helpful, since "git verify-tag" and "git verify-commit" have been taught to use the exit status of underlying "gpg --verify" to signal bad or untrusted signature they found.
When gpg-interface API unified support for signature verification codepaths for signed tags and signed commits in mid 2015 at around v2.6.0-rc0~114, we accidentally loosened the GPG signature verification.
Before that change, signed commits were verified by looking for "G"ood signature from GPG, while ignoring the exit status of "gpg --verify" process, while signed tags were verified by simply passing the exit status of "gpg --verify" through.
The unified code we currently have ignores the exit status of "gpg --verify" and returns successful verification when the signature matches an unexpired key regardless of the trust placed on the key (i.e.
Make these commands signal failure with their exit status when underlying "gpg --verify" (or the custom command specified by "gpg.program" configuration variable) does so.
This essentially changes their behaviour in a backward incompatible way to reject signatures that have been made with untrusted keys even if they correctly verify, as that is how "gpg --verify" behaves.
Note that the code still overrides a zero exit status obtained from "gpg" (or gpg.program) if the output does not say the signature is good or computes correctly but made with untrusted keys, to catch a poorly written wrapper around "gpg" the user may give us.
the key is needed to be trusted/signed before do any encryption
On the trust side, there is progress:
With Git 2.26 (Q1 2020), gpg.minTrustLevel configuration variable has been introduced to tell various signature verification codepaths the required minimum trust level.
Signed-off-by: Hans Jerry Illikainen
Previously, signature verification for merge and pull operations checked if the key had a trust-level of either TRUST_NEVER or TRUST_UNDEFINED in verify_merge_signature().
The other code paths that did signature verification relied entirely on the return code from check_commit_signature().
And signatures made with a good key, irregardless of its trust level, was considered valid by check_commit_signature().
The way it worked was by [gpg-interface.c (hyper-link)] storing the result from the key/signature status and the lowest-two trust levels in the result member of the signature_check structure (the last of these status lines that were encountered got written to result).
For good signatures one of these status lines are emitted to indicate the validity of the key used to create the signature.
My interpretation is that the trust level is conceptually different from the validity of the key and/or signature.
That seems to also have been the assumption of the old code in check_signature() where a result of 'G' (as in GOODSIG) and 'U' (as in TRUST_NEVER or TRUST_UNDEFINED) were both considered a success.
The two cases where a result of 'U' had special meaning were in verify_merge_signature() (where this caused git to die()) and in format_commit_one() (where it affected the output of the %G?
I also think it makes sense to not store the trust level in the same struct member as the key/signature status.
While the presence of a TRUST_ status code does imply that the signature is good (see the first paragraph in the included snippet above), as far as I can tell, the order of the status lines from GPG isn't well-defined; thus it would seem plausible that the trust level could be overwritten with the key/signature status if they were stored in the same member of the signature_check structure.
It consolidates trust-level verification to [gpg-interface.c (hyper-link)] and adds a new trust_level member to the signature_check structure.
Backward-compatibility is maintained by introducing a special case in verify_merge_signature() such that if no user-configurable gpg.minTrustLevel is set, then the old behavior of rejecting TRUST_UNDEFINED and TRUST_NEVER is enforced.
format specifier will continue show 'U' for signatures made with a key that has a trust level of TRUST_UNDEFINED or TRUST_NEVER, even though the 'U' character no longer exist in the result member of the signature_check structure.
A new format specifier, %GT, is also introduced for users that want to show all possible trust levels for a signature.
Another approach would have been to simply drop the trust-level requirement in verify_merge_signature().
This would also have made the behavior consistent with other parts of git that perform signature verification.
However, requiring a minimum trust level for signing keys does seem to have a real-world use-case.
For example, the build system used by the Qubes OS project currently parses the raw output from verify-tag in order to assert a minimum trust level for keys used to [sign git tags (hyper-link)].
Specifies a minimum trust level for signature verification.
If this option is unset, then signature verification for merge operations require a key with at least marginal trust.
Other operations that perform signature verification require a key with at least undefined trust.
Supported values, in increasing order of significance:
Tested with git -C shallow log --graph --show-signature -n1 plain-shallow after a git clone --depth 1 --no-local .
Signed-off-by: Hans Jerry Illikainen
This commit refactors the use of verify_signed_buffer() outside of [gpg-interface.c (hyper-link)] to use check_signature() instead.
It also turns verify_signed_buffer() into a file-local function since it's now only invoked internally by check_signature().
There were previously two globally scoped functions used in different parts of Git to perform GPG signature verification: verify_signed_buffer() and check_signature().
Now only check_signature() is used.
The verify_signed_buffer() function doesn't guard against [duplicate signatures as described by Michał Górny (hyper-link)].
This stands in contrast with check_signature() that returns an error if more than one signature is encountered.
The lower degree of verification makes the use of verify_signed_buffer() problematic if callers don't parse and validate the various parts of the GPG status message themselves.
And processing these messages seems like a task that should be reserved to [gpg-interface.c (hyper-link)] with the function check_signature().
Furthermore, the use of verify_signed_buffer() makes it difficult to introduce new functionality that relies on the content of the GPG status lines.
Now all operations that does signature verification share a single entry point to [gpg-interface.c (hyper-link)].
This makes it easier to propagate changed or additional functionality in GPG signature verification to all parts of Git, without having odd edge-cases that don't perform the same degree of verification.
With Git 2.31 (Q1 2021), signed commits and tags now allow verification of objects, whose two object names (one in SHA-1, the other in SHA-256) are both signed.
Signed-off-by: brian m. carlson
When we create a commit with multiple signatures, neither of these signatures includes the other.
Consequently, when we produce the payload which has been signed so we can verify the commit, we must strip off any other signatures, or the payload will differ from what was signed.
Do so, and in preparation for verifying with multiple algorithms, pass the algorithm we want to verify into parse_signed_commit.
The simplest way is to convert your unsigned longs into unsigned long longs, do your multiplication, and compare the result to 0x100000000LL.
There is a way to determine whether an operation is likely to overflow, using the positions of the most-significant one-bits in the operands and a little basic binary-math knowledge.
They have 15 significant digits.
For unsigned integers, just check that the result is smaller than one of the arguments:
For signed integers you can check the signs of the arguments and of the result.
Integers of different signs can't overflow, and integers of the same sign overflow only if the result is of a different sign:
CERT has developed a new approach to detecting and reporting signed integer overflow, unsigned integer wrapping, and integer truncation using the "as-if" infinitely ranged (AIR) integer model.
I see you're using unsigned integers.
By definition, in C (I don't know about C++), unsigned arithmetic does not overflow ... so, at least for C, your point is moot :)
With signed integers, once there has been overflow, [undefined behaviour (hyper-link)] (UB) has occurred and your program can do anything (for example: render tests inconclusive).
The method can be used with unsigned integers too:
It works for unsigned values as well as both positive and negative signed values.
Of course, if you wanted to do something similar for decreasing values instead of increasing values, you would flip the <= sign to make it >=, assuming the behaviour of underflow is the same as the behaviour of overflow.
This both ensures that if one operand is zero and one isn't, then overflow won't be falsely detected and is significantly faster than a lot of NOT/XOR/AND/test operations as previously suggested.
It is strictly undefined behaviour to allow the multiplication to proceed for signed integers in this case.
The approach I settled on works for signed and unsigned, integer and floating point numbers.
Signed Overflow test, Addition and Subtraction:
Compute and compare the signs of the operands.
If the signs are opposite, then addition cannot overflow.
c. If the signs are the same, then subtraction cannot overflow.
If both signs are positive and MAXVALUE - A < B, then addition will overflow.
If the sign of B is negative and MAXVALUE - A < -B, then subtraction will overflow.
If both signs are negative and MINVALUE - A > B, then addition will overflow.
If the sign of A is negative and MINVALUE - A > B, then subtraction will overflow.
Signed Overflow test, Multiplication and Division:
(Below, assume A and B are these magnitudes, not the signed originals.)
To interpret them correctly, one should consider if the operands are of signed or unsigned type.
Clang now supports dynamic overflow checks for both signed and unsigned integers.
This uses machine-architecture safe, in that 64-bit and 32-bit unsigned integers will still work fine.
Basically, I create a mask that will mask out all but the most significant bit.
Performing unsigned long (DWORD) addition or multiplication, the best solution is to use ULARGE_INTEGER.
There is a __builtin for each arithmetic operation that can overflow (addition, subtraction, multiplication), with signed and unsigned variants, for int sizes, long sizes, and long long sizes.
u for unsigned or s for signed;
So for a checked signed long integer addition, it would be __builtin_saddl_overflow.
On x86, they check the carry, overflow and sign flags.
For unsigned additions and subtractions, including <intrin.h> will allow you to use addcarry_uNN and subborrow_uNN (where NN is the number of bits, like addcarry_u8 or subborrow_u64).
Their signature is a bit obtuse:
It does not appear to have equivalents for signed operations or multiplications.
This example for unsigned integer multiplication using g++ and fasm under Linux x64.
This procedure multiplies two unsigned integer arguments (32 bits) (according to [specification (hyper-link)] for amd64 (section 3.2.3 Parameter Passing).
To perform an unsigned multiplication without overflowing in a portable way the following can be used:
The x86 instruction set includes an unsigned multiply instruction that stores the result to two registers.
<i>#</i>1           ⯇ the number sign will be italic
The backslash before the hash sign (\#) prevents the line from becoming a heading in case \# 1 is at the beginning of the line.
then the compiler will optimize away those + signs.
You can add your own button instead of using Google Sign-In button
Do follwing things
#pragma mark - Google SignIn Delegate
// Present a view that prompts the user to sign in with Google
// Dismiss the "Sign in with Google" view
//completed sign In
//MARK:Google SignIn Delegate
// Present a view that prompts the user to sign in with Google
// Dismiss the "Sign in with Google" view
//completed sign In
If, in your project, the class that implements
  GIDSignInUIDelegate is not a subclass of UIViewController, implement
  the signInWillDispatch:error:, signIn:presentViewController:, and
  signIn:dismissViewController: methods of the GIDSignInUIDelegate
  protocol.
Also don't forget to set UI delegate      GIDSignIn.sharedInstance()?.uiDelegate = self
You can add your own button instead of using Google Sign-In button Do follwing things
2)Add your own button into storyBoard and give class name as GPPSignInButton and set UIImageView on that button.
But Little adding when assigning the delegates.
and add these delegates GIDSignInDelegate,GIDSignInUIDelegate
Create reference for your Google Sign In button
@IBOutlet weak var signInButton: GIDSignInButton!
3.Place your custom button above the google sign in button in main story board and        create an action reference for it.
Inside it click the google sign in button programmatically.
3-follow instructions on [https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/ios/sign-in (hyper-link)]
but replace this step
"2 .In the view controller, override the viewDidLoad method to set the UI delegate of the GIDSignIn object, and (optionally) to sign in silently when possible"
In GoogleSignIn SDK 5.0 and above GIDSignInUIDelegate has been revoked
The first form, using dollar sign and parentheses, is a newer POSIX form, which means it's probably a more standard way of doing it.
Before proceeding watch this Android Developers video to understand the implications of your App Signing enrollment choice:
[https://youtu.be/odv_1fxt9BI (hyper-link)]
Step 0: Open Google Play developer console, then go to Release Management -> App Signing.
Accept the App Signing TOS.
java -jar PATH_TO_PEPK --keystore=PATH_TO_KEYSTORE
--alias=ALIAS_YOU_USE_TO_SIGN_APK --output=PATH_TO_OUTPUT_FILE --encryptionkey=GOOGLE_ENCRYPTION_KEY
PATH_TO_KEYSTORE = Path to keystore which you use to sign your release APK.
ALIAS_YOU_USE_TO_SIGN_APK = The name of the alias you use to sign the release APK.
You can find it in the App Signing page, copy and paste it.
YOU WILL NEED THIS KEYSTORE IN THE FUTURE TO SIGN THE NEXT RELEASES OF
YOUR APP, DON'T FORGET THE PASSWORDS
Go to Build -> Generate Signed APK and press Create new.
NOTE: I used upload as the new alias name but if you previously used the same keystore with different aliases to sign different apps, you should choose the same aliases name you had previously in the original keystore.
Step 7: Click ENROLL button at the end of the App Signing page.
Now every new release APK must be signed with the upload_key.jks keystore and aliases created in Step 4, prior to be uploaded in the Google Play Developer console.
[Google documentation on Google Play App Signing (hyper-link)]
Q: When i upload the APK signed with the new upload_key keystore, Google Play show an error like : You uploaded an unsigned APK.
You need to create a signed APK.
A: Check to sign the APK with both signatures (V1 and V2) while building the release APK.
You will use the upload key to sign all future APKs prior to uploading them to the Play Console."
When you use Fabric for public beta releases (signed with prod config), DON'T USE Google Play App Signing.
You will must after build two signed apks!
When you distribute to more play stores (samsung, amazon, xiaomi, ...) you will must again build two signed apks.
So be really carefull with Google Play App Signing.
It's not possible to revert it :/ and Google Play did not after accept apks signed with production key.
After enable Google Play App Signing only upload key is accepted...
3.Click continue on Google Play App Signing
[ (hyper-link)]
5.Sign your apk with generated certificate (c:\path\to\cert.keystore)
6.Upload signed apk in App releases -> Manage production -> Edit release
7.By uploading apk, certificate generated in step 4 has been added to App Signing certificates and became your signing cert for all future builds.
In google play console, select Release management -> App signing
In Android Studio generate your Android App Bundle (.aab file) from Build -> Generate Signed Bundle / APK..., choose Android App Bundle option and don't forget to check Export Encrypted key (needed to enroll your app Google Play App signing) option.
Go back in browser and press APP SIGNING PRIVATE KEY button and browse to the private key location on your computer.
Once you log in to the Google Play Console with play store credential:
select your project from left side choose App Signing option Release Management>>App Signing
 [ (hyper-link)]
you will find the Google App Signing Certification window ACCEPT it.
**, it will expand you
 APP SIGNING PRIVATE KEY button as below
How do I enumerate and sign just the assemblies containing my own code?
You can use your sign command：
At that time you need to sign your application with the same key.
In general, the recommended strategy for all developers is to sign all of your applications with the same certificate, throughout the expected lifespan of your applications.
[https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing.html#considerations (hyper-link)]
So yes, try to sign all of your applications with the same certificate.
You should sign all of your apps with the same certificate throughout the expected lifespan of your applications.
A keystore is just a means to securely store the public/private key pair which is used to sign your Android apks.
So yes, you can use the same keystore to sign multiple apks, without a problem.
You can also use the same alias (each alias is a certificate) to sign multiple apks, and it will work.
It plays no actual part in the process of signing an apk, but only serves to store the keys which are actually used to sign the apk.
I do sign all my apps using the same certificate (keystore).
If all your apps are signed by the same certificate you can request android to assign same user id more than one app and inturn make them run in a single process and share the data.
By default, Android assigns each application its own unique user ID.
However, if this attribute is set to the same value for two or more applications, they will all share the same ID — provided that they are also signed by the same certificate.
If you want to enrol in App signing by google you have to use new different key to sign your apk or bundle otherwise after uploading google console will give you error message saying
You uploaded an APK or Android App Bundle that is signed with a key
that is also used to sign APKs that are delivered to users.
Because
you are enrolled in App Signing by Google Play, you should sign your
APK or Android App Bundle with a new key before you upload it
I don't think what's your goal but you have to skip this before filter before some actions like your login or signup.
[django-sso (hyper-link)] is a pretty neat package that implements single signon
MamaCAS is a Django Central Authentication Service (CAS) single sign-on and single logout server.
CAS is a single sign-on and single logout web protocol that allows a user to access multiple applications after providing their credentials a single time.
CAS (Central Authentication Service) is a good solution that supports SSO (Single Sign-On) and Single Logout (SLO) for Django and Flask.
Once I have sign-out, the next time I sign-in, I would like the user to choose the available google account to sign-in again.
The trick is to clearDefaultAccountAndReconnect the GoogleApiClient just after the user clicks on the Google Sign in button to login.
STEP 1: Initialize GoogleAPIClient and set onClickListener to googleSignInButton in Activity onCreate()
STEP 2: Handle the Google Sign in through your onClick() method
Once I have sign-out, the next time I sign-in, I would like the user to choose the available google account to sign-in again.
Simply, sign out the user and revoke access whenever the user clicks sign out button.
Next time, when the users try to sign in he/she will be asked to choose their preferred google account.
Since you are signing in and signing out from different activities, you are ending up with duplicate code.
Instead of duplicating the code, simply use a helper class and initialize the Google SignIn Option and Google API Client.
If you want to sign out before signing in, use clearDefaultAccountAndReconnect.
For signing out the user (It doesn't matter whatever the activity is), use Auth.GoogleSignInApi.signOut(mGoogleApiClient).setResultCallback.
For Sign-out you can use following method:
For sign-in you can follow these methods:
Finally I managed to discover a way to sign my application with the platform signature.
On top of signing Android 1.6 for Dream with certificates generated by
  myself, I've also managed to sign my app with the platform certificate
  and run it with the system sharedUserId.
Export an unsigned version of your Android application using Eclipse: right-click on the project >> Android Tools >> Export
  Unsigned Application Package.
Use <root-of-android-source-tree>/out/host/<your-host>/framework/signapk.jar to sign your app using platform.x509.pem and platform.pk8 in <root-of-android-source-tree>/build/target/product/security
  generated earlier:
[code snippet]
So long as you don’t forget to run zipalign after signing as the signing processes leaves the APK unaligned and it will NOT install.
First you have to Sign in to Member Center
You will see a warning sign once you login.
You should use the block type IDs for confirming that it's a sign.
There are two ids for signs, one being the sign that's on a wall (68) and the other being the sign that's standing on a post (63).
Use the PlayerInteractEvent to check if the player right clicked the sign.
Cast the block-state to a sign.
If you change the text on the sign, make sure you update it afterward, otherwise the text won't show up.
You probably need to escape the plus sign:
The plus sign is used in regular expressions to indicate 1 or more characters in a row.
The number of zero crossing should be 7, but because sign() returns 0 if 0 is passed, 1 for positive, and -1 for negative values, diff() will count the transition containing zero twice.
Another way to count zero crossings and squeeze just a few more milliseconds out of the code is to use nonzero and compute the signs directly.
On my machine these are a bit faster than the where(diff(sign)) method (timings for an array of 10000 sine samples containing 20 cycles, 40 crossings in all):
Since a) using numpy.signbit() is a little bit quicker than numpy.sign(), since it's implementation is simpler, I guess and b) it deals correctly with zeros in the input array.
but positive = a2 >0 seems faster (and cleaner) than signbit AND checking for 0s (e.g.
positive = np.bitwise_or(np.signbit(a2),np.logical_not(a2)) is slower...)
Another way that might suit certain applications is to extend the evaluation of the expression np.diff(np.sign(a)).
Rising crossing without zero: np.diff(np.sign([-10, 10])) returns array([2])
Rising crossing with zero: np.diff(np.sign([-10, 0, 10])) returns array([1, 1])
Falling crossing without zero: np.diff(np.sign([10, -10])) returns array([-2])
Falling crossing with zero: np.diff(np.sign([10, 0, -10])) returns array([-1, -1])
[Unicode Character 'PESO SIGN' (U+20B1) (hyper-link)]
Resign app.
Install re-signed app on device
This seems to be a bullet-proof way to confirm the provisioning profile was updated and since the profile only has the 1 signing certificate in it... then we must be signed with the new cert.
Xcode inserts the provisioning profile used to sign the application within the .app bundle.
If you are trying to  determine if a specific certificate was used to sign an .ipa, you can do the following:
Signing a jar file, just like using certificates in other contexts, is done so that people using it know where it came from.
The signature gives them some guarantee that the jar really was created by you, and not by an impostor or someone they don't trust.
The long answer
Signing jars is effectively telling your customer "I made this, and I guarantee it won't mess up your system.
This is why signed jars in client-side solution deployed from remote servers (applets / webstart) enjoy higher privileges than non-signed solutions do.
The bad thing about signed jars is that they load slower than unsigned jars.
Also, patches are harder (you have to re-sign the jar), class-patches are impossible (all classes in a single package must have the same signature source) and splitting jars becomes a chore.
Not to mention your build process is longer, and that proper certificates cost money (self-signed is next to useless).
So, unless your company policy forces you to, don't sign jars on the server side, and keep common jars in signed and non-signed versions (signed go to the client-side deployment, non-signed go to server-side codebase).
The principle of least privilege says that you should not sign the classes of your jar files.
Sign in existing users
Create a new signIn method which takes in an email address and
  password, validates them, and then signs a user in with the
  signInWithEmailAndPassword method.
Sign up new users
Currently there isn't a query parameter or policy setting that will take the user straight to the local account sign-up pages in a SignUporSignIn policy.
Today you would need a separate sign-up policy to direct them directly to sign up.
Also it would be great if you can also upload whole code you wrote in SignIn Activity and also the google-services.json file so that i can debug the issue.
after requestCode == RC_SIGN_IN
Such way you will not lose [sign in status codes (hyper-link)] and can check for [common status code (hyper-link)].
Unfortunately, part of the security with the EV Code Signing Certificate is that you must enter the password everytime.
We have been trying to make a Web based front end for our developers to send the binaries to the Windows box with this script running so that it can be signed and returned.
I must note that what I shared is not completely not secure, but we also hit this issue requiring either purchasing signing keys for each developer or assigning a job of a signing manager that would approve the signature of released software.
I believe those are the better, secure processes--that once things pass quality assurance and are approved for release, they can be officially signed.
I originally used [osslsigncode (hyper-link)] on Linux (before EV certificates) to automate signing of Windows executables (since we had a Linux server doing a lot of work for developer ease and collaboration).
I have contacted the developer of osslsigncode to see if he can make use of the DigiCert SafeNet tokens to help automate it in a different way since I can see them on Linux.
In our case, we have more than 200 binaries to sign per each build, so this is a total must.
After this you can sign files remotely.
Client side application fully replaces signtool.exe so you can use existing build scripts.
Source code located here: [https://github.com/SirAlex/RemoteSignTool (hyper-link)]
Edit: We successfully used this tool for code signing last half-year 24x7 on our Build server.
You then need to use [CryptSetProvParam (hyper-link)] with parameter PP_SIGNATURE_PIN to specify your token password.
After that the process can use certificates on that token to sign files.Note: once you create the context is seems to just work for current process entirely, no need to pass it to other Crypto API functions or anything.
Expanding on [this answer (hyper-link)], this can be automated using [CryptAcquireContext (hyper-link)] and  [CryptSetProvParam (hyper-link)] to enter the token PIN programmatically and [CryptUIWizDigitalSign (hyper-link)] to perform the signing programmatically.
I created a console app (code below) that takes as input the certificate file (exported by right clicking the certificate in SafeNet Authentication Client and selecting "Export..."), the private key container name (found in SafeNet  Authentication Client), the token PIN, timestamp URL, and the path of the file to sign.
Example Usage:
etokensign.exe c:\CodeSigning.cert CONTAINER PIN http://timestamp.digicert.com C:\program.exe
Sign the file using the token, root / cross certificates when required and the EV certificate loaded into memory.
HRESULT hr = SignAppxPackage(cert, FILETOSIGN);
Using SignerSignEx2():
The file is signed using SignerSignEx2() which needs to be loaded into memory using LoadLibrary() and GetProcAddress():
Further, you must Time Stamp your signed file and do that using a Time Stamping authority to which you connect.
Each Signing authority have their own Time Stamping server.
Time Stamping is an extra step in the Code Signing process, but when it comes to EV Code Signing it is a requirement which adds an additional layer of security to the signed PE.
Finally, the signing is done in the following function:
Expanding on answers already in this thread, it is possible to provide the token password using the standard signtool program from microsoft.
Pass the information to signtool
any other signtool flags you require
Example signtool command as follows
signtool.exe sign /fd sha256 /f "signing.cer" /csp "eToken Base Cryptographic Provider" /kc "[{{token password here}}]=Container name here" "ConsoleApp1.exe"
Use Microsoft Windows SDK 10 for signtool
I am using a globalsign certificate and they nicely said the same thing.
It is not possible to script the signature with a standard EV code signing, they are promoting the use of an HSM platform
Edit : this solution does not work anymore for me, globalsign changed the timestamp url to [http://rfc3161timestamp.globalsign.com/advanced (hyper-link)].
Since that i cant sign with TokenPassword/ContainerName anymore.
Thank you globalsign for your poor support.
Put two backslashes in front of dollar signs.
[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/dotnet/framework/tools/signtool-exe (hyper-link)]
Edit: After [raising this on vim_dev (hyper-link)], Christian Brabandt kindly has written a patch that lets you query the line number of a sign with id 42 through line('|42').
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_sign (hyper-link)]
The "#" -- like most Unicode characters -- has no particular name assigned to it in the W3 list of
"Character entity references"
[http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/sgml/entities.html (hyper-link)]
.
Use session_destroy(); to erase session and header('Location: sign_out.php'); to redirect user to sign_out.php.
if you don't want the code after the header('Location: sign_out.php'); to execute you should use exit; right after the header(); function.
While this is slightly off-topic, since people will find this by searching for "percentage sign in Python" (as I did), I wanted to note that the % sign is also used to prefix a "magic" function in iPython: [https://ipython.org/ipython-doc/3/interactive/tutorial.html#magic-functions (hyper-link)]
What does the percentage sign mean?
The percentage sign is an [operator in Python (hyper-link)].
But there is also the augmented assignment %= which assigns the result back to the variable:
However you could also implement __imod__ explicitly to overwrite the augmented assignment:
I recommend using Eclipse for signing Android Apps.
The wizard allows you to create a new keystore or use an existing one to sign your app.
I  tried signing apps with console using Ubuntu, but it was hard - With Eclipse it's very easy  and the export wizard creates the .apk
Write a short script to make your life easier Just to make the life
  easier I wrote a short script which can be used each time to sign your
  Android APK file.
Here the guy defines the script he calls with ./sign-mac-example.sh.
And you could shorten it to $(this).find('a').removeClass('btnsignin').addClass('btnsignout')
I think that gmp_sign is not very efficient because it expects a GMP or string.
This eases your workload considerably since it makes the user responsible :-) Or, alternatively, use the word "euro" or the "EUR" curruncy designator (like USD, AUD, JPY and so on).
It's a pity that there is no standard way to display the sign.
Please take a look at the Lock github README - you have various [show options (hyper-link)] for controlling which Lock Views to display (login, signup only etc).
Also when you click on Automatically manage signing it does all process that are created by Fix issue in previous Xcode versions.
And left the automatic signing management.
Firstly in general tab -> signing section -> select a development team, manage signings
Similarly if you are working with multiple pod files select each pod target separately and go to general tab -> signing section -> select a development team, manage signings
Click - "View Details" (is open a new window with "signing identities" and "provisioning profiles";
This can be done in the project settings, info tab for each target that needs to be signed.
1.1: If you are using p12 and a provision file, but not using AppID to log in, do not Select Automatically manage signing.
Just select your provision file and the machine code signing identity in Build Settings, like this [Build Settings (hyper-link)].
Under the signing section, uncheck "Automatically manage signing".
You need to uncheck "Automatically manage Signing" in both the targets under your project.
Now go under "build settings" tab of each of those targets and set "iOS Developer" under code signing identity.
After this go to the general tab of each of your targets and check "Automatically manage signing" and under team drop down select your developer account
[ (hyper-link)]
Must have "don't sign" under certificates
And sign out all developer accounts from Xcode → Preferences →  Accounts →  *Select Account showing at left and press -(subtract sign)
After deleting all accounts, press the + sign (add) button and sign in with all developer accounts.
I fixed it by going to project general tab, signing section.
Click "Enable signing....."
I ran into this type error by updating the Xcode version to 8.0,
and under the Code signing is required for product type 'Application' in SDK 'iOS 10.0'
isn't code signed but requires entitlements.
It is not possible to add entitlements to a binary without signing it.
My solution is go to the TARGET → General → Signing -> click the  Enable signing... button, and I solved the issue.
Under General → Signing
Uncheck: Automatically manage signing
If you are finding the following screen and facing the problem of code signing required, then one of the following solutions may help you.
As said before, sign in with an Apple ID.
If you don't want to sign in with your Apple ID, then change a small flag in project.pbxproj file.
&& Code Signing Identity to iOS Developer in every targets Build Settings.
This is what I would call a classically Apple Xcode UX design bug.
After checking and unchecking the Automatic Signing button I got this agreement error to display:
Signing into the developer portal I was able to see a banner for the agreement update notice:
I only needed to uncheck 'Automatically manage signing', check it again, and rebuild.
Click on Add Account if not signed in.
Then after select your team profile and check Automatically manage signing and leave everything else as is in Xcode.
❌  Code signing is required for product type 'Application' in SDK
  'iOS 10.3'
be aware that Mobile center doesn't yet support automatic signing with certificates of type app-store, ad-hoc and enterprise.
Automatic signing only works with development certificates.
Disable automatic signing.
The Untick-tick (check-uncheck) "Automatically manage signing".)
Find your framework or any other target that required signing.
Search Signing Identity
Set Don't code sign manually.
in Build Setting change in  Signing
First of all, I want to go with manual code signing process, I am not doing via automatic code signing
Looks like Apple moved the Signing to a new tab from the original General tab.
Select "Signing & Capabilities"
Click "Enable Development Signing"
I work at Auth0 and I was involved in the design of the refresh token feature.
To refresh the token, your API needs a new endpoint that receives a valid, not expired JWT and returns the same signed JWT with the new expiration field.
Signin
Sign out
My conclusion is that there is something broken about the "archive re-signature".
When I archive, Xcode automatically code signs for distribution.
Xcode sometimes messes up greatly with code signing, it seems.
Don't give up, we're all going through some code signing torture at times!
(hyper-link)]
5) Create CertificateSigningRequest.certSigningRequest in Keychain->Certificate assistant
6) Create by hand on developer.apple.com both "Mac App Distribution" & "Mac Installer Distribution" with your *.certSigningRequest
7) Provisioning Profiles -> Distribution -> create/fix custom provision for AppStore (I'm specially named it as "Mac provision profile  for AppStore"
8) Xcode -> Settings -> Account -> Your account -> Refresh
9) Xcode Clean -> Archive -> Validate
2.Then go yo in xcode project target -> build settings -> code signing entitlements - delete values
3.Clean
4.Run
1) In your Project and your Target(s) build settings, choose "None" for all Provisioning profiles, and choose "Don't Code Sign" for all Code Signing Identities.
In Code Signing Identity Release setting, choose "iOS Distribution" for "Any iOS SDK".
After that your Code Signing Identity Release setting should automatically change to "iPhone Distribution".
If you have any old entitlement files kicking around your project get rid of them and any sign of them - if you see a .entitlements file in your project delete it (or at least remove the reference to it if you aren't sure you are ready to outright delete it), then make sure the 'Code Signing Entitlements' line under the 'Code Signing' section in Build Settings is empty
Make sure you assign a valid Provisioning Profile to your app before validating - double check your provisioning profile for your app in the Apple Member Center, make sure it isn't expired, has the right App ID with the correct bundle id and distribution.
You should have the profile available to select now in the 'Code Signing' section.
Once you have the correct provisioning profile then you can set the 'Code Signing Identity' lines to the correct option for that provisioning profile.
Note - if doing a distribution certificate it can help to set all the 'Code Signing Identity' lines to the identity you use for distribution including the debug lines
Code signing Entitlements occur because of your resource does not contain Entitlements file in resources,Just go to build setting and search code signing Entitlements delete entry for debug and release, build project again you will see there is no error.
You want this command line, which computes a digest of your input and signs it using the private key:
Using pkeyutl does some other extra stuff as described here: [Different signatures when using C routines and openssl dgst, rsautl commands (hyper-link)]
Reduced sign-on adds another verification mechanism on top of Kerberos.
Reduced Sign On: This concept handles the above scenario by prompting another set of verification when you try to access critical applications.
Reducing users' sign-on complexity problems requires a balance between user satisfaction and security.
[Reduced Sign-On (hyper-link)]
[Single Sign-On (hyper-link)]
There is no sign-out button provided by google.
You can make your button look the same as <com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton>, adding a predefined style to your button with the xml tag style:
How about : change text Sign in to Sign out.
but I would like to allow signing in with Google
Integrating Google Sign-In into your web app
You must include the Google Platform Library on your web pages that integrate Google Sign-In.
Specify the client ID you created for your app in the Google Developers Console with the google-signin-client_id meta element.
Add a Google Sign-In button
The easiest way to add a Google Sign-In button to your site is to use an automatically rendered sign-in button.
With only a few lines of code, you can add a button that automatically configures itself to have the appropriate text, logo, and colors for the sign-in state of the user and the scopes you request.
To create a Google Sign-In button that uses the default settings, add a div element with the class g-signin2 to your sign-in page:
Google SignIn simple steps to integrate:
Note down the client Id and secret key for signIn API integration
You CAN actually resign a build, just as XCode does, so that you can test and ship the same binary.
For example in my script (similar to those above) I build my release version signed as an AdHoc build, then I archive that as an IPA for testing, then resign with my distribution cert and create a zip file, which is what I send to Apple.
To set this up, you have to import the distribution certificate and provisioning profile into the designated user's keychain.
In both commands the -exportProvisioningProfile and -exportSigningIdentity arguments are optional.
In these examples, the provisioning profile for the iOS build specified an AdHoc distribution provisioning profile, and the signing identity for the Mac app specified a Developer ID for export as a 3rd party application (i.e.
(Assuming you are starting with an .ipa that has been signed with the correct release profile and signing identity.)
Command cannot be launched because of some signature issue.
Exports the archive MyMacApp.xcarchive as a PKG file to the path MyMacApp.pkg using the appli-cation application
              cation signing identity Developer ID Application: My Team.
The installer signing identity
              Developer ID Installer: My Team is implicitly used to sign the exported package.
1.Online - from the [Material Design Website (hyper-link)].
Click the Android icon Button and look for the plus sign
Sources: [https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/build-button (hyper-link)], [https://github.com/meta-meta/webapp-template/blob/6d3e9c86f5c274656ef799263c84a228bfbe1725/app/Application/signIn.jsx (hyper-link)].
And here's a sample SignInWithGoogle function component implementation in Typescript so you can use as inspiration:
In addition to using window.gapi.signin2.render as other answers suggest.
If you want to GPG sign all your commits, you have to add the -S option all the time.
The commit.gpgsign config option allows to sign all commits automatically.
A boolean to specify whether all commits should be GPG signed.
Use of this option when doing operations such as rebase can result in a large number of commits being signed.
With Git 2.27 (Q2 2020), "git rebase" learned the "--no-gpg-sign" option to countermand commit.gpgSign the user may have.
Signed-off-by: Đoàn Trần Công Danh
{cherry-pick,revert} --edit hasn't honoured --no-gpg-sign yet.
Note that "[git rebase --rebase-merges (hyper-link)]"([man (hyper-link)]) did not correctly pass --gpg-sign command line option to underlying "git merge" when replaying a merge using non-default merge strategy or when replaying an octopus merge (because replaying a two-head merge with the default strategy was done in a separate codepath, the problem did not trigger for most users), which has been corrected with Git 2.30 (Q1 2021)
Signed-off-by: Samuel Čavoj
When performing a rebase with --rebase-merges using either a custom strategy specified with -s or an octopus merge, and at the same time having gpgsign enabled (either rebase -S or config commit.gpgsign), the operation would fail on making the merge commit.
Signed-off-by: Samuel Čavoj
The merge subcommand launched for merges with non-default strategy would use its own default behaviour to decide how to sign commits, regardless of what opts->gpg_sign was set to.
For example the --no-gpg-sign flag given to rebase explicitly would get ignored, if commit.gpgsign was set to true.
"[git rebase --rebase-merges (hyper-link)]"([man (hyper-link)]) did not correctly pass --gpg-sign command line option to underlying "git merge" when replaying a merge using non-default merge strategy or when replaying an octopus merge (because replaying a two-head merge with the default strategy was done in a separate codepath, the problem did not trigger for most users), which has been corrected with Git 2.30 (Q1 2021), .
Signed-off-by: Samuel Čavoj
When performing a rebase with --rebase-merges using either a custom strategy specified with -s or an octopus merge, and at the same time having gpgsign enabled (either rebase -S or config commit.gpgsign), the operation would fail on making the merge commit.
A possible soluttion that requires tweaking, but is very flexible is to use one of \big, \Big, \bigg,\Bigg in front of your division sign - these will make it progressively larger.
Solution is to change after_sign_in_path_for method.

def after_sign_in_path_for(resource)
    super resource
  end
In JavaScript it has no special significance (no more than a or Q anyway).
In jQuery the variable is assigned a copy of the jQuery function.
A dollar sign to define jQuery
A (selector) to "query (or find)" HTML elements
A jQuery action() to be performed on the element(s)
In jQuery, the $ sign is just an alias to jQuery(), then an alias to a function.
A dollar sign to define jQuery
Photohunt, our full sample, documents this design in detail.
You'd probably need to check the intent in the onConnected() method, and perform the sign out there.
What is the problem : Google plus signIn in one activity but need to Logout from another activity
I did this,
After signing in save boolean isSignedIn in sharedpreferences as true.
Check if isSignedIn is false.
In my LoginActivity, I have a GoogleSignInClient object.
So just before starting the DashboardActivity after login, I save the instance of googleSignInClient object by calling Utils.getInstance().setGoogleSignInClient(googleSignInClient).
Source: [Format negative amount of USD with a minus sign, not brackets (Java) (hyper-link)]
The codesign application seems to be stricter on OSX 10.9
Do this for each of the qt modules your app uses, AFTER calling macdeployqt*, but BEFORE calling codesign.
Also, call codesign on the framework's folders, not on the version subfolder.
You also have to sign all plugins used by your application
According to [Apple docs (hyper-link)] you need to sign version folders, not the framework itself.
After fixing that I've managed to sign all the frameworks the "Apple way".
However, after doing that I was unable to sign the main app and got errors about the Qt frameworks I've just signed.
So the weird but working solution is to sign framework folders instead.
Use the codesign --deep option to sign all the binaries in the package at once, including frameworks and plugins.
The simplest way to solve this problem is to use the --deep codesign option.
This option (which I believe was introduced with Mavericks) will sign all of the binaries in a target package, including the main application binary, and its frameworks and plugins.
However before using this option (or any of the other suggested signing techniques), you must fix the Qt frameworks as per other posts on this thread.
For some odd reason, the Qt frameworks as built do not conform to Apple's framework norms and will confuse the codesign tool.
This in turn can result in bad behaviors like replacing the top level symlink of a framework with an additional copy of the signed framework binary.
After normalizing the frameworks, you can then use the --deep option to sign all of the binaries in the application package:
Alternatively if you've enabled codesign at the project level for deployment post processing, you can just pass the --deep option in the "Other Code Signing Flags":
If you have different codesign requirements for your main application than for your frameworks or plugins, you can use a little trick.
First you sign with the --deep option using the frameworks/plugins requirements.
Then you can sign again with the --force option but without the --deep option, specifying the application level requirements.
The result will be that the main application will be signed with the application requirements, and all the sub-binaries will be signed with the frameworks/plugin requirements.
This approach might be considered a bit lazy and wasteful, since you're signing the main application twice.
But it's simpler than the alternative of finding and signing all the sub binaries separately from the main application binary.
I use this script to correct the QT 4.8 frameworks before codesigning.
One of the options is to use detached signature using an OpenPGP key or X.509 certificate.
Both GnuPG and OpenSSL should be able to produce detached signatures.
Of course, you will get a separate file with the signature, but this is the only viable option, as for me.
It appears that the character that you are using is actually longer than what the actual minus sign (a hyphen) is.
The top is what you are using, the bottom is what the minus sign should be.
jarsigner -keystore KeystoreName -storepass KeystorePasword -keypass KeystorePassword ExportedUnsignedApkName.apk KeystoreAlias
jarsigner -keystore MyCustomKeystore -storepass 123456 -keypass 123456 MyUnsign.apk mycustomkeystore
./zipalign  -v 4  Unsignapkname.apk  Signedapkname.apk
./zipalign  -v 4  MyUnsign.apk  MySign.apk
Whitebear try to update your SDK build tools from ask manager to version 20 or latest and create signed apk again and try.
Solution:
Delete generated signed APK and try generating again.
A simplier solutions would be, before hitting the URL, replace all + signs with %2B.
Angular js was converting + sign into %2B.
In Angular v6.1.10, if you just need to fix the "+" sign encoding in one spot, this is what worked for me.
I found if you try to replace the "+" signs when initializing the httpParams object it doesn't work.
Finally, when you convert that to an unsigned 64-bit integer, the usual modular arithmetic rules entail that the resulting value is 0xffffffff80000000.
Similarly, converting to an unsigned 32-bit integer gives the value 0x80000000.
To perform the operation on unsigned values, you need to control the conversions with a cast:
converts this signed negative value ((int) a.base << 13) to the type of addr which is unsigned long through integer conversions.
The conversion long performs the sign extension here because ((int) a.base << 13) is a negative signed number.
so no sign extension is performed in your second case because (unsigned int) ((int) a.base << 13) is an unsigned (and positive of course) value.
"GCC does not use the latitude given in C99 only to treat certain aspects of signed '<<' as undefined, but this is subject to change."
As @JensGustedt noted in [Type of unsigned bit-fields: int or unsigned int (hyper-link)] the specification says:
Even though you've specified that base is unsigned, the compiler converts it to a signed int when you read it.
That's why you don't get sign extension when you cast it to unsigned int.
Sign extension has to do with how negative numbers are represented in binary.
If we convert 0xFFFFFFFF to 0x00000000FFFFFFFF, the numbers will have the same unsigned value (about 4 billion), but different signed values (-1 vs. 4 billion).
On the other hand, if we convert 0xFFFFFFFF to 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF, the numbers will have the same signed value (-1) but different unsigned values.
The former is called zero-extension (and is appropriate for unsigned numbers) and the latter is called sign-extension (and is appropriate for signed numbers).
It's called "sign-extension" because the "sign bit" (the most significant, or left-most bit) is extended, or copied, to make the number wider.
any value a.base can hold int can hold, too so conversion from 19-bit unsigned int bitfield to 32-bit signed integer.
now (converted to signed int a.base)<<13 which results in 1(0)x31).
Remember it's signed int now.
addr is of unsigned long type(64 bit) so to do the assignment righ value is converted to long int.
Conversion from signed int to long int make addr (1)x33,(0)x31.
Why the second line prints 0x80000000 is because of that cast to (unsigned int) before conversion to long int.
When converting unsigned int to long int there is no bit sign so value is just filled with trailing 0's to match the size and that's all.
What's different on with 32-bit, is during conversion from 32-bit signed int to 32-bit unsigned long their sizes match and do trailing bit signs are added,so:
1(0)x31 will stay 1(0)x31 
even after conversion from int to long int(they have the same size, the value is interpreted different but bits are intact.)
Just use [Math.Sign (hyper-link)]...
If Math.Sign did not exist, I would do this:
To successfully check the validity of the signature all three pieces (file, public key, signature) must fit together.
If you cannot change the public key and you do not have the private key it is practically impossible to generate another file-signature combination that passes.
If you want to make sure that a downloaded file has not been tampered with you would typically get the public key from a trusted source in a trusted way and then check the validity of the signature.
If that passes you can be pretty sure that the owner of the private key has signed the file and that it was not changed afterwards.
From the error message it seems like you're calling signInWithEmailAndPassword for a user that was not created yet.
You can only call signInWithEmailAndPassword(email, password) to sign in a user that was previous created with createUserWithEmailAndPassword(email, password).
You explicitly can't use it to sign in a user that was previous only signed in/created with another identity provider, such as Google sign-in.
If you want to allow the same user who signed in through Google, to also sign in with a password that is specific to your app, you will need to also create those secondary credentials, and then [link the two providers (hyper-link)] (Google + Email/Password).
from comma sign to the first dot sign
Actually when doing sign-in with spring social you do not use a session from some provider (Facebook for example).
The Spring Social Quickstart sample at [https://github.com/SpringSource/spring-social-samples/tree/master/spring-social-quickstart (hyper-link)] is an example of an application that has an implicit signup.
(This is actually handled the application-defined SimpleConnectionSignUp, which is injected into JdbcUsersConnectionRepository.)
There are a number of ways this could play out for the user, but most/all of them can be addressed with an appropriate implementation of the ConnectionSignUp interface.
***** IMPORTANT *****
The example does not solve the problem at all since the function should "stop" in the sign method of the GSSignatureContainer class.
This approach solves the problem: the document has been altered or corrupted after applying the signature.
[PDF signed (hyper-link)]
(Given User is also SignedIn in browser with same google account)
However if user is not signed in, then Google will ask to Sign in through pop up window.
You can check for the sign like this:
Imagine trying to change the sign of a value by multiplying it by sign(x) when it returns 0.
Instead of changing the sign you'd change the value to 0.
You can also get the sign of a number like this:
With LuaJIT, if the sign function gets JIT-compiled, this is actually faster:
The idea is to interpret the sign bit directly and have a branchless version for this test.
Mathematically, the sign is '+' or '-' (a symbol), not a number (as +1 or -1)
attribute (like it is said in the article), you can even easier define it in the properties of each project under the tab Signing => Sign the assembly and enter the path to your snk file there.
I think in the end you want to hash the complete exe with SHA or another cryptographic-hash and use some encryption-algorithm (can be symmetric as you do the signing yourself I guess) with a salt value to encrpyt this hash.
If two sign_in events occur without an intervening sign_out, I chose to take the next sign_in rather than the last action, for one thing because it made the query easier, and for another it was open to interpretation and could have gone either way.
The signed left shift operator "<<"
  shifts a bit pattern to the left, and
  the signed right shift operator ">>"
  shifts a bit pattern to the right.
The unsigned right shift operator
  ">>>" shifts a zero into the leftmost
  position, while the leftmost position
  after ">>" depends on sign extension.
This is called sign extension and serves to preserve the sign of negative numbers when you shift them right.
It is interesting to note that if you shift –1 right, the result always remains –1, since sign extension keeps bringing in more ones in the high-order bits.
Sometimes it is not desirable to sign-extend values when you are shifting them to the right.
Notice that the shifted value is masked by ANDing it with 0x0f to discard any sign-extended bits so that the value can be used as an index into the array of hexadecimal characters.
If yes, then while signup you have to provide BOTH username and emailID.
Since you want a default username when user is signed up you can generate a username (maybe based on email) and pass that to API.
After user signs in they can then change their username.
In Devise's code, #create will call a protected method #sign_up after saving successfully.
This method does nothing but sign in the user.
Now when you are calling the writeer method comments, it is giving you the Array instance back, which you had assigned to it while instantiating the book.
If you look [the source for the user_signed_in?
Consequently, when Devise calls your method from within user_signed_in?, it always returns false.
User info is only sent in the ASAuthorizationAppleIDCredential upon initial user sign up.
Subsequent logins to your app using Sign In with Apple with the same account do not share any useful info and will only return a user identifier in the ASAuthorizationAppleIDCredential.
So next time when user sign in you have to fetch email and other details from your server using the identifier as apple always return the same identifier even you delete the application and install it back.
Yes, it works as designed.
But for the specific question you have asked for testing, you can go to user's apple account on apple.com >> Manage Apple ID >> Security >> Sign in with Apple (Manage App and Websites), you should be able stop using the website or app.
The recommended way to handle this is to use matrix based security and leave sign up on.
Set default permissions to nothing, this way when people sign up they can't actually do anything until you explicitly grant them permissions.
If you don't want to leave the sign up on for some reason, you will have to enable to add users and then disable when you are done.
As far as I know there is no way to add a user with sign up turned off unless you want to hand edit the config files.
In case "Allow users to sign up" was already disabled and security turned on and there is no user you can use to login the only way to go is to change Jenkins configuration manually on the server and restart server.
Then you are not forced to login or signup.
You can codesign the app without using xcode.
So to sign your app you need to:
In HTML spaces are not significant, except when you are using special tags such as <pre>.
Using the - sign forced ERB to avoid additional spaces.
Using a minus sign on the opening or closing part of an erb tag suppresses whitespace before or after the tag on that line.
Dashes (-) have no significance other than making the number more readable, so you might as well include them.
For this reason the + sign is always necessary.
The + sign is automatically converted by your mobile carrier to your [international dialing prefix (hyper-link)], also known as "exit code".
The + sign solves this issue by allowing you to omit the international dialing prefix.
- doesnt make matter but + sign is important when mobile user is in roaming
  this is the standard format
Just use the setLine method of the SignChangeEvent
Here is the javadoc reference:
[https://hub.spigotmc.org/javadocs/bukkit/org/bukkit/event/block/SignChangeEvent.html#setLine(int,%20java.lang.String) (hyper-link)]
The linked PDFBox-SignExample.zip is out of date.
[https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/pdfbox/trunk/examples/src/main/java/org/apache/pdfbox/examples/signature/CreateSignature.java (hyper-link)]
Add onClick method also to your signIn button.
Each of your service's methods (isSignedIn, signOut and getProfile) now return a promise that only resolves once the auth2 API is initialised however this only ever happens once now.
The "star sign" is only meaningful if there is something in front of it.
You alreday defined "sign/" in your main urls.py so every url from this app will start with sign/*
The duplicate sign/ appeared because you define two URLs that maps the sign_up_in view.
So, whenever you call the sign_up_in URL in the template the URL will show the full path based on how you defined your URL pattern.
In order for this to work properly, you need to remove the path('sign/', include("main.urls")).
As I understand, you have provided the debug SHA1 in the developer console,
then you signed the apk and the SHA1 changed.
You have to register your Android application here - "enable Sign-In" in this [page (hyper-link)]:
Just input usual for console developer values this your signed SHA-1.
Do not attempt to publish an app that's signed with a debug certificate.
The debug certificate is described in more detail in Signing in Debug Mode in the Android Developer Documentation.
If you don't specify one when you build your app for release, the build will leave your .apk unsigned, and you'll have to sign it before you can publish it.
Replace your_alias_name with the alias that you assigned to the certificate when you created it.
My fault was failing to generate the signed APK with the correct keystore file, alias & password in the Generate Signed APK wizard.
But after reseting the keys to map to the target flavor, I now have a working Google Sign in.
2 key: your play store's key i.e Release management->App signing->App signing Certificate->SHA 1 key fingerprint
If you have opted App Signing, you need to put the SHA1 generated from developer console
For example, AliExpress somehow can handle this and redirects user to
  blue page with asking user to sign in again.
Account becomes visible to your app after user have tried to sign in with that kind of account into your app, using one of the methods above.
Event if sign in was not successful (e.g.
Conclusion
Unfortunately I've found no other ways to access google account data to work around your case using modern Google Sign-In APIs.
All advanced AccountManager APIs require you to have the same signature as account owner app (GMS - Google Mobile Services) which is not the case.
you should escape your + sign, \+
I'm doing a similar thing, and have the sign up part of it working so far via CURL using JSON (which should translate to iOS easily), and also via the browser.
That said to do signing requires working with the PDF structure itself, which either requires a custom parser or modifications to an existing one (pdfjs for example).
Long story short, signing a PDF in browser will take a lot of work, it is something we are working on though.
There is [PDFSign.js (hyper-link)], a library that can sign a PDF file in the browser.
It uses [forge (hyper-link)] though for the signature.
If PKI.js supports detached pkcs7 signatures, then it should be easy to replace forge.
Also in most of the signing scenarios, for requirement to protect pdf file within the server boundaries, its not recommended to send complete pdf file to browser or to signing API server.
Thus, its good practice, to create hash of PDF for signing, send hash to browser and use javascript through browser extension to access some application running on local system to access local keystore (or USB/Smartcard) and produce the signature and send back (PKCS7 or CMS container in case of PDF signing) to server where the signature may be injected back to PDF from which hash was created for signing and was sent to browser or to signing api server.
For browser based signing scenarios, my company provides one such free Browser extension Signer.Digital and .NET library required on server.
Local system (host running behind the chrome browser on windows) may be downloaded from [cNET Download site (hyper-link)]
Installing this host and restarting Chrome will automatically add [Signer.Digital Chrome Extension (hyper-link)] and/or [Signer.Digital Firefox Extension (hyper-link)]
If success, returns Base64 encoded pkcs7 signature - use suitable library or one provided by Signer.Digital to inject sign to pdf
Server send Hash of data/document/content to be signed to browser.
Browser uses Signer.Digital Browser Extension Javascript API to invoke action from Signer.Digital Browser Extension Host.
On Windows, Browser Extension Host uses Microsoft Certificate store and underlaying CSP to get hash signed.
On Linux, Browser Extension Host uses PKCS#11 .SO library of Crypto Device to get hash signed.
Raw Signature (Signature of Hash) or Signature Container is returned to browser by Signer.Digital Browser EXtension Host.
USB Token or Smartcard, private key of the user never comes out of the device but hash to be signed is sent to device to get it signed.
The web application (Javascript in Browser) sends Signature back to server and same can be emended in PDF Document, or XML or Json or as required.
You can sign any file (including pdf) using openpgp.js
[https://openpgpjs.org/openpgpjs/doc/#create-and-verify-detached-signatures (hyper-link)]
(scroll down to 'create-and-verify-detached-signatures')
Read the file as a Uint8Array and sign it with your private key.
I was signing multiple files using the signtool in a parallel loop.
So instead, I'm now using the signtool in one command - passing in all the files in one command line argument.
signtool [command] [options] [file_name | ...]
[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/tools/signtool-exe (hyper-link)]
Filenames is a list of files to be code signed.
example: DigiCertUtil.exe sign /kernelDriverSigning
"example.exedriver.sys" example: DigiCertUtil.exe sign /sha1
"054D9508B364A02A068FA5C6153847B6" "example.exedriver.sys"
Based on the recommendation to avoid concurrent requests, I'm assuming that even when specifying multiple files in either the SignTool or DigiCertUtil, the files will still be signed one at a time.
The Sign function that you are trying to call is [Math.Sign (hyper-link)].
If the only Sign that is visible to your code are the overloads in the Math unit then you will not encounter that error.
The only plausible conclusion is that you have defined another function named Sign that clashes.
Call Math.Sign() instead of Sign().
Perhaps a better solution would be to change the name of your Sign function.
You could sign in with only B2C user.
Navigate to Azure AD B2C -> Users in the portal, and there are the users who can sign in.
Sign in with the user in a "Sign in" user flow:
CodeSigningIdentity.
Code Sign error: No code signing identites found: No valid signing
  identities (i.e.
CodeSign error: code signing is required
  for product type 'Application' in SDK 'iOS 7.1'
You might forgot to install the required certificate for the provisioning profile you are using for code signing.
make sure that you installed desired certificates(development/distribution) into keychain for the code-signing provision profile(development/distribution).
I didn't have the private key needed to sign with it and no amount of refreshes, restarts, revokes were going to help me.
The solution was to create a new production distribution certificate in the member center, using a new signing request from my keychain.
--- Long story ---
I use a script in jenkins to override per-project settings (provisioning profile and signing identities)
After upgrade to Xcode 7, I have to change the script add above "list-keychains" after "create-keychains"
Go to the Issue navigator and check if Signing Identity: is present in your Keychain Access.
If certificate is not signed with private key, delete it, go to apple developer page and create new certificate.
This new certificate will be now properly signed with your private key.
I had this ambiguous error, "Command /usr/bin/codesign failed with exit code 1", when I was setting up new Jenkins boxes for iOS builds with Xcode 7.3, OSX 10.11.4.
I tried to sign out from all synced servers (github, gitlab and bitBucket) and edit personal information of my own.
So when I signed out of them and sign in my own, there was no problem anymore
Try to use "Sign in with a different account", and see if that is not enough to log you out.
When you restart GitKraken, you should be signed out and can then sign in to a new account.
Click the button with the three horizontal lines next to your profile picture in the top right and select "sign into a different account"
try updating your code based on the [docs (hyper-link)] on how to sign out and disconnect.
this will wait until the user is signed out from the server and updates the app UI.
The solution was to update all references in Edit Project Settings | Build (Code Sign) referring to Code Sign Developer (name).
Then I clicked my project icon, entered Build Settings, Code Signing and remapped to the new provisioning profile.
If you are working with a project  created by someone else as a template, you need to change the code signing identity
I went and changed code signing identity the on project and target to "Don't Code Sign" and then changed back to the correct code signing identity.
I noted that my Build Settings -> Code Signing -> Provisioning Profile had been reset to strange one.
so no single sign on possible.
In your sign out method you cannot remove a cookie that belongs on abcltd.com from vrxstudios.com:
What you could do is redirect to a sign out page on abcltd.com which will do the job.
I had created Auth Key with Apple Sign selected in which is never used.
Remove Sign In With Apple and save
Again go to your app's bundle id and add Sign In With Apple and save.
Create a hidden element and attach the gapi handler with gapi.signin.render
Otherwise, accept the signed in callback, and display the logout button
Then you'll get a callback every time, but only show the button when signed out.
I have faced same issue when creating signed apk from android studio.
[Error when generate signed apk (hyper-link)]
You should add the signing certificate to the CMS structure as well:
<%= link_to "Sign out", logout_path, :method => :delete %>
Try this sign out link, it works for me
change your sign out link to
CoSign enables to sign list items (this is where SharePoint stores the data that was filled in the form).
Then, in your Cognito user pool config, there is an option User sign ups allowed?
Then in custom controller recreate default create action but without sign_up(resource_name, resource)
This is create action without sign_up(resource_name, resource):
The code below signs the given X509* structure within HSM.
The another way to sign a certificate by HSM is by using the X509_sign() function, but implementing your own signing callback.
pkcs11_try_pkey_rsa_sign(...) - is how to implement the signing (RSA)
So he later signs in with Twitter or Facebook.
Allow the ability to link accounts together once the user signs in with any one method.
Say they sign in with your sites registration, let them hit a page where they can add in other linked accounts like Twitter and Facebook once they are in their logged in state on your site.
Or, like we did with ucubd.com/index.aspx - let the user sign in with facebook and regsister an account on their behalf and ask for their email as the login credential.
If n is NaN, sign should return NaN, not 0.
views/devise/registrations/new.html.erb (sign up)
views/devise/sessions/new.html.erb (sign in).
Second problem: You set root_path to devise/sessions#new and if you sign in correct devise try to redirect to root_path again and again.
jarsigner -verbose -keystore yourKeyStore.keystore theFile.apk password
Instead of copy pasting code and replacing one line (which could be harder to maintain), just override the after_sign_up_path_for(resource), so it uses the after_sign_in_path_for(resource) instead:
You can revoke Sign In With Apple account association and test it again.
AFAICT if you block third party cookies — a not uncommon practice — then the Windows Live sign out routine presents a false alarm about signing out.
If you simply proceed to a page that requires a Windows Live ID, the prompt to sign in will appear.
[Haven't been able to sign out (hyper-link)]
[When I try to close my hotmail, this is what I get: Couldn't sign you out We couldn't sign you out because your browser is blocking cookies.
To sign out, close all of your browser windows.
[logout problem - says Couldn't sign you out We couldn't sign you out because your browser is blocking cookies.
To sign out, close all of your browser windows.
BUT COOKIES ARE ENABLED OR ELSE I COULDN'T HAVE SIGNED IN!
[When signing out of Hotmail I am not being signed out of Windows Live Storage.
You are not include required parameter: amount in sign transaction
try this example and change value_from_transaction to value from your transaction) from listunspent:
#define SIGN(x) ( (x) < 0 ?
#define SIGN(x) ( "+- "[((x)<=0) + !
Function declaration without equals sign is a [Unit-returning function (hyper-link)] (similar to Java's void functions).
Function declaration with equals sign is a [single-expression function (hyper-link)], and what it does is just return what's to the right of equals sign.
Follow this [detailed writeup (hyper-link)] on how to sign custom rpm pacakge.
After installing rpmsign package everything worked.
As the OP mentioned in a [comment (hyper-link)], setting the %gpg_name macro via a --define flag to rpm/rpmbuild/rpmsign works.
rpm --define "_gpg_name <your email or name>" --addsign <RPM to sign>
(question mark) instead of @ (at sign) within the parameter name.
a # sign on a URL is called the hash sign and tend to separate the URL from the anchor on the page, so you can navigate to portions of the page and not only to the top of the page.
What's after the hash sign (#) on the URL is called the fragment.
For example: ["#" sign on URL (hyper-link)]
As the error message describes, the message to be signed should be a Uint8Array object with 256-bits (32-bytes) length.
In other words, your code is throwing that error because the block isn't actually a Sign, as in it's BlockState is not an instance of a Sign.
The reason your block is not a sign even though you set its material to Material.SIGN, is that the Material.SIGN enumerator actually refers to the sign item type, not the block type, of which there are actually two (Material.SIGN_POST and Material.WALL_SIGN).
I'm guessing that since you are spawning a solid block for the sign, you probably want the latter enumerator or Material.WALL_SIGN.
Also, to make sure the text on the sign appears, you'll need to update the BlockState using state.update() (and possibly even force update using state.update(true)).
To write the player's name on the next line, you'll need to add that String to line 2 (index 1) using sign.setLine(1, player.getName()), not using the \n newline character, which Minecraft signs don't handle.
Last but not least, the wall sign in your case will be facing the wrong way, which can be fixed by changing the sign's rotation.
This depends on where the wooden block is placed in relation to the sign of course, so in your case the sign would need to be rotated to face west.
To set the sign's rotation we could use the deprecated setData(byte data) method for Blocks, but if you want to do it the non-deprecated, more easily readable way, we'll have to deal with another small quirk: There is an org.bukkit.block.Sign interface, and an org.bukkit.material.Sign class.
All usages of Sign above refer to the org.bukkit.block.Sign interface which is a subtype of BlockState.
This is used to for example set the sign's text.
org.bukkit.material.Sign is a subtype of the MaterialData class which we can access using state.getData() and is used to change the direction of the sign because that class implements the Directional interface (specifically the Attachable interface).
So to set the text and rotate the sign, we'll have to use both the class and interface.
C99 has signbit() and copysign(), which seem to be implemented in glibc on Linux.
You can use sign<n>::Positive, sign<n>::Negetive and sign<n>::Zero also you can use sign<n>::Sign which is 1|0|-1 which is same as [sign (hyper-link)] of Matlab.
You used to do sign(n) there and here you will do sign<n>::Sign.
You are trying to sign an already signed .apk.
You need to export an unsigned .apk file and then sign it with jarsigner.
According to googles documents you can sign an apk multiple times [http://developer.android.com/guide/publishing/app-signing.html#signapp (hyper-link)].
If you are unable to get an unsigned build though you can just inflate the apk and then rejar it, you will then be able to sign it.
You definitely are [able to sign an already signed APK multiple times using different keys (hyper-link)]:
Note that you can sign an APK multiple times with different keys.
I accomplished signing a Debug-Apk with the release key so that I was able to test upgrades of released versions.
Also, I was able to sign an already released APK with the debug key for reproducing bugs.
Sign the apk:
See also [Sign your debug build (hyper-link)].
As far as I faced this error, it occurs when you try to sign a zipaligned .apk file.
Looks like jarsigner can't stand some of the zipalign changes.
Those files are the existing signature.
Removing them allows you to sign it again.
I would also like to reiterate that you should be sure to pass the -sigalg SHA1withRSA and -digestalg SHA1 arguments to the jarsigner to avoid this issue: [https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=19567 (hyper-link)]
I encountered this when signing my .aab file.
Removing the duplicate signing (once as part of the bundling, once manually) fixed it.
The app/build.gradle file includes a section android/buildTypes/release which had its signingConfig key set.
When generating .apk files it seemed to be ignored but when switching to .aab format it looks like it did apply that signing.
When I then did my own signing in CI, it complained because it was already signed.
In swift signs are functions name for a specified mathematic operation.
To pass sign as parameter the parameter type must be function that takes two numbers and return a number.
If you command + click on any sign you will see its definition as follow :
apksigner shipped with Android SDK Build Tools 24.0.3 (see [https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/build-tools.html (hyper-link)]).
For example, build-tools/24.0.3/apksigner on Linux/OSX and build-tools/24.0.3/apksigner.bat on Windows.
On mac The Apksigner is inside build tools all you need is this line
I was facing the same problem on windows 10, I found apksigner.jar jar file in the following path:
On windows I couldn't use apksigner even with build tools version 31.0.0.
finally used apksigner command with .bat postfix and it worked fine.
In both projects it was complaining about a particular Pod and being unable to codesign it.
codesign did report bundle format unrecognized, invalid, or unsuitable and respective path was not to the bundle, but ended with /app-ios instead of app-ios 2/DerivedData/...
For me, this error occurred upon "Embed & Sign" of an old third-party framework, which I don't own.
Looking inside that .framework bundle, it did indeed have an incorrect [directory format (hyper-link)]: the Versions/A/ directory was instead named Versions/1.0.0/ (the "1.0.0" of course being an arbitrary version number), which seems to confuse the CodeSign command.
So I did cd Versions into the framework's directory, then mv 1.0.0 A and ln -sf A Current - after which the CodeSign and build succeeded.
One hacky way is to add a "-" sign explicitly to the absolute value of amount if amount is less than 0.
As well as the sign-up or sign-in policy, you can [create a sign-up only policy (hyper-link)], which allows a new user to sign up with a local account and/or a social account.
For integers, (a^b) < 0 if signs of a and b are different.
There is one problem with the code: if something goes to exactly 0 from the positive sign, it will count as crossing.
The visual representation of a digital signature in a PDF document is a widget annotation.
In your case, there is an /Annots entry that refers to a widget annotation with the appearance of your signature.
While Bruno's answer is correct - there is no way to make the signature annotation appearance to be beneath the content -, in some cases you can make it appear to be.
If your pdf has not been signed yet, you can actually add the signature image to the page background itself, e.g.
Alternatively you can draw a copy of the page content over the image in the signature annotation appearance.
This also works for previously signed PDFs but is also sensitive to opaque page contents.
It does not provide sign in and sign up mechanisms at all.
signin2.render() is a handy function to display "Sign in" button and let user sign in with least effort.
But if you want to do further with Google Sign-in like sign out etc, this isn't the best way to go.
[https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/build-button#building_a_button_with_a_custom_graphic (hyper-link)]
This way, you can show whatever label on the button or let the user sign out with the same button etc.
You will need to learn Google Sign-in's JavaScript APIs but this works far more flexible.
The match construct is not appropriate for identifying the sign of an integer.
You ask how to show a different name than the one which is in Certificate, like a surname (not only on the PDF itself with the appearance but also in the "Rev1: Signed by X" in Adobe).
This essentially are two questions at once, one on how to customize the text in the signature appearance on the document page and one on how to customize the text shown by Adobe Acrobat in its Signature Panel.
The PdfSignatureAppearance method setLayer2Text allow you to set the description text in the signature visualization.
The PdfSignatureAppearance method getLayer2 returns a PdfFormXObject on which you can create a completely custom signature visualization.
Having experimented a bit using a fairly current Adobe Acrobat Reader it turns out that under certain circumstances the value of the Name entry of the signature dictionary (if set at all) is used here instead of certificate information.
You can set that entry using signature events like this:
Having signed with this addition Adobe Acrobat sometimes uses "A Custom Signer" instead of the certificate information in its signature panel.
If you switch off automatic verification during opening in Acrobat Reader
[ (hyper-link)]
and then open the PDF, you see
[ (hyper-link)]
After explicitly requesting validation, you get
[ (hyper-link)]
As you see, "A Custom Signer" all the time.
Furthermore, you get "A Custom Signer" always if Adobe Acrobat cannot properly read the signature (e.g.
due to an unknown signing algorithm).
Your function is named signOutUser in your code, but your HTML is trying to call a function named deleteAccount.
Your function to sign users out is called signOutUser but you call a function named deleteAccount when your button is pressed.
Also you may need to change the signOutUser function to:
In your code you have firebase.auth.signOut() and auth here is a function, therefore it should've been firebase.auth().signOut()
To fix this, use conditional assignment:
The caret sign has a special meaning in Windows CLI (see [here (hyper-link)]) so you should escape it.
Link 1- [https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/googlescopes#google_sign-in (hyper-link)]
So as per my findings if we are using oauth2 authetication for Google API we can access google sign and google+ api by only changing the scope in the API calls.
Try using below approach to migrate from Google+ Sign In to Google Sign In:
It depends which of the sign-in backends you're using, but for all of the subsequent requests (both in this session and the next), one of the two following will be true:
If you're using Google Sign-In for the Assistant, then you'll receive an id token (in conv.user.profile.token) and the profile information for the user (including their Google ID) in conv.user.profile.payload.
duplicate the % signs).
It would be horrible if TC would remove the percent signs in the sources.
It then seems that TeamCity removes one of these % signs, hence why tspauld got it to work (this is also how i got it to run).
Either you do it during the build, or you need to use insignia.
Ex:
    [http://wixtoolset.org/documentation/manual/v3/overview/insignia.html (hyper-link)]
Further @jchoover's answer, you have 3 options when signing bundles:
Build the bundle unsigned, then sign it later.
However, you also need to sign the engine exe which is embedded within the bundle.
As @jchoover states, you can use [insignia (hyper-link)] to get around this by extracting the engine to a file.
You can then sign the file using your normal process (for example, with signtool.exe) and then import it back into the bundle
Add the SignBundle and SignBundleEngine targets to your project(s).
Create a .targets file with the SignBundle and SignBundleEngine targets, and passing the path using the CustomAfterWixTargets property:
msbuild your.sln /p:CustomAfterWixTargets=customafterwix.targets /p:SignOutput=true
For me using WiX's in-built tool insignia is the most straight-forward.
Here's the steps I made to do code-sign a WiX MSI and bootstrap installer:
(steps 1 & 2 are just set up to make 3 & 4 read easy and more reusable and updatable!
Steps 3 & 4 are the actual signing)
Set up the signtool as a batch file in my PATH so that I can call it and change it easily.
I'm running Windows 10 and so my "signtool.bat" looks like this:
"c:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\bin\x64\signtool.exe" %*
Set up insignia as a batch file in my PATH too so you can change it with new WiX builds as they come.
My "insignia.bat" looks like this:
"C:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.10\bin\insignia.exe" %*
Sign my MSI in a post-build event (MSI Project -> Properties -> Build Events) by calling this:
signtool sign /f "c:\certificates\mycert.pfx" /p cert-password /d "Your Installer Label" /t http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll /v $(TargetFileName)
Sign my bundle in a post-build event for the bootstrap project like this: 
CALL insignia -ib "$(TargetFileName)" -o engine.exe
CALL signtool sign /f "c:\certificates\mycert.pfx" /p cert-password /d "Installer Name" /t http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll /v engine.exe
CALL insignia -ab engine.exe "$(TargetFileName)" -o "$(TargetFileName)"
CALL signtool sign /f "c:\certificates\mycert.pfx" /p cert-password /d "Installer Name" /t http://timestamp.verisign.com/scripts/timstamp.dll /v "$(TargetFileName)"
I have also signed the application (I think) by just doing Project
Properties -> Signing and enabling click-once manifests, selecting
the certificate and checking the Sign the assembly option.
This leverages some MSBuild property function work by @webjprgm [here (hyper-link)] that makes finding signtool.exe more generic across Windows Kit versions.
As mentioned by @karfus in a comment above, adding the SignOutput section is the incantation that kicks everything off.
The import must be org.bukkit.material.Sign NOT org.bukkit.block.Sign
The APIs all talk about generating the key pairs and then generating the cert but not how to sign a CSR.
The following code is based on the above answers but will compile and, given a PEM encoded CSR (of the kind exported by keytool), will return a valid PEM-encoded signedData object containing a signed Certificate chain (of the type that can be imported by keytool).
When I sign the client request with a self signed CA I import it in IE and it shows the certificate as valid with the CA in the chain[image]
jarsigner -verbose -sigalg SHA256withRSA -digestalg SHA-256 -keystore xample.jks bundle.aab keystoreAlias
At first, I used a zip or jar to create an unsigned archive.
After that, I signed it using jarsigner tool.
So I used that utility to create *.aab, after that signed it using jarsigner.
There's no explanation in this topic why to print a percentage sign.
The reason it's tricky to print % signs with printf is that % is
essentially printf's escape character.
How can I make boost::lexical_cast include a positive sign when converting to std::string?
Yes, it is possible to use templates with DocuSign.
If you call second.bat from a batch file, the CALL line in the caller batch needs to be
call called.bat "percent%%%%sign"
You could omit the quotes, as long as there are no spaces inside the parameter
If you call the called.bat directly from the cmd-prompt you can use
call called.bat "percent%sign"
If so - the sign-in actions generally need to skip that before-filter, or it'll fail to get to the action itself because "you haven't signed in yet" while you're still attempting to sign in.
For your first example, it is correctly using the Devise::SessionController create action to sign the user in but it is returning a 401 unauthorized.
The devise examples might be a bit dated, especially if you're doing anything slightly off with the sign-in form (although, it doesn't look like it).
Now the sign in works fine, as well as the sign up and sign out.
extract sign of a
extract sign of b
double does have a sign bit (the most significant bit), but finding the sign of a number is a bit more complicated than that.
In C++11, we were given [std::signbit (hyper-link)] that returns true if negative, and false otherwise.
Given two doubles, a and b we can compare their signs with == or !=:
std::signbit supports double, float, long double, and all integral types.
They will check for signatures on your executable which you have already signed.
Signing your dlls makes most sense when you yourself verify those signatures before loading them.
It is a recommended secure practice to sign all binaries that you ship and validate their signatures at runtime.
If your dlls are to be used by other products then you must sign them as those products will want to verify their authenticity and integrity.
Have you already set up your signingConfigs and buildTypes in your Gradle?
Read here [http://developer.android.com/tools/publishing/app-signing.html (hyper-link)]
But if still it is not working and you ar using google play services 8.4.0 (i.e.compile 'com.google.android.gms:play-services:8.4.0'), the issue could be solved by modifying GoogleSignInOption object.
See this for detail: [Google signin not working on release version of android (hyper-link)]
1.Specify signingConfigs in your gradle file
2.Go to Build Types in Project Structure (in Android Studio) and specify signingConfigs to "config"
Build a signed apk (With remember password checked).
Before signing check the filename of the keystore file and the one yo give in while signing the apk (in android studio).
Install the signed apk in your device.
Edit: Google have added apk signing in the console.
If you already signed your apk, ignore it OR if you want to use it be careful with it because it can break your current google signin settings
or 
        gso = new GoogleSignInOptions.Builder(GoogleSignInOptions.DEFAULT_SIGN_IN)
                .requestIdToken(LoginActivity.this.getResources().getString(R.string.server_client_id))
                .requestEmail().build();
but if you want to create app on other ip address with other machine sha is showing you 12501 error status code so for that you need to generate again sha for that particular machine .
Make sure you added the SHA-1 fingerprint for your (release) signing key to the [Firebase console (hyper-link)]
The sign in was cancelled by the user.
user cancelled some of the
  sign in resolutions, e.g.
[https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/android/gms/auth/api/signin/GoogleSignInStatusCodes.html#SIGN_IN_CANCELLED (hyper-link)]
The caret sign (^) is used for [pub dependencies (hyper-link)] in Dart to indicate a range of version numbers are allowed.
The caret sign ^ means the specified version and all newer versions that don't introduce breaking changes relative to the specified version.
I guess you have used Button view in XML and then you are casting to com.google...SignInButton , due to his empty box is shown for while.
Try changing XML view to com.google...SignInButton  .
Resign Android Apk using android default debug.keystore.
Jarsigner -verbose -keystore debug.keystore yourapk.apk aliasname
[code snippet]
jarsigner -verify yourapk.apk
zipalign -v 4 yourapk.apk  signedapk.apk
To sign apks using JDK 1.7 one has to use these keywords "-sigalg MD5withRSA -digestalg SHA1"
Reason:
As of JDK 7, the default signing algorithim has changed, requiring you to specify the signature and digest algorithims (-sigalg and -digestalg) when you sign an APK.
Command:
jarsigner -verbose -sigalg MD5withRSA -digestalg SHA1 -keystore [keystorefile]
[originalapk] alias_name
The Mathematica Sign function can handle complex numbers.
If your implementation is only relevant for real numbers, it might be better to use RealSign[] because that is differentiable.
I had a similar issue and found this information in the reference pages:
[https://reference.wolfram.com/language/ref/Sign.html (hyper-link)]
Strings containing a plus sign (or such special chars) should be urlencoded since it represents space in URLs.
npm i --save @ionic-native/sign-in-with-apple
How can I send a plus sign with Qt5?
Additional info for QUrlQuery, the + sign is a special case (from the doc):
Web browsers usually encode spaces found in HTML FORM elements to a
  plus sign ("+") and plus signs to its percent-encoded form (%2B).
To support encoding like that of HTML forms, QUrlQuery
  also never decodes the "%2B" sequence to a plus sign nor encode a plus
  sign.
So if you want to use QUrlQuery for strings containing + signs, it seems you have to do the encoding yourself ("+" => "%2B"), you can use the static method QUrl::toPercentEncoding() for that.
Enable signing to Automatically && Select Team that you have created before:
Code Signing to iOS Developer:
Sign in with your Apple ID that is linked to your developer account, or just your Apple if you don't have a dev account.
Click that and Apple will register the device and do the certificates and code signing.
(Oh my unicorns certificates and signing is so much easier than it used to be)
[ (hyper-link)]
Find the "Signing & Capabilities" tab for your target
If your target doesn't have the "Signing & Capabilities" tab (in my case only the test target had it), open the build settings for your project and click "All" instead of "Basic"/"Customised".
Find signing under the settings and make sure you've got a Development team set up.
Then look for "Signing & Capabilities" and that's where you'll be able to see "Team" and select your name as the option.
Signing & Capabilities
3.
---> click Tasks -->signing Report
Click SIGN IN METHOD and enable Google As true.
After that, simply edit the existing debug signing config in your android project's setting as mentioned here [https://stackoverflow.com/a/17992232/9747826 (hyper-link)]
This will setup project's default signing configuration to debug with your debug-keystore SHA1 and you are good to go!
One way would be to have the sign in and sign out items on the nav bar with a css class that hides them:
Another way would be to have no items for sign in/out in the nav bar and add them with JS
I think you cannot use the same button for sign-out also.
Instead you can add a sign-out button or link to your site and use the given signOut() function.
You should also make sure that the user_signed_in?
I just realized that none of the other answers touch the most trivial aspect of the question: why the # sign?
The JavaDoc designers needed or wanted a way to distinguish package qualifiers (which they used the dot for) from class qualifiers (which they used the hash for).
It would be interesting to find out why the JavaDoc designers needed the differing syntax, while the Java compiler does fine with dots for both purposes.
You cannot use SSL certificate to sign the code as it is intended for Server Authentication purposes only.
You have to purchase a special code signing certificate that includes Code Signing (1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.3) entry in the Enhanced Key Usages extension.
What is that sign called?
Colon : is used in HQL Hibernate Query Language to signify that there is a parameter involved.
PHP is correct in translating an unencoded + sign to a space.
I realize that this is an old question, but I was looking for a solution to a similar problem with + signs in a GET string.
none of the above answers worked for me, I fixed the "+" sign problem using
Use this code FirebaseAuth.getInstance().signOut();
Firebase auth is provide signout method.
If you want to perform some action after sign out then use this one.
This one just signs you out from the current application .
There have several way to sign out user:
Then, to detect the sign-in status:
With this method below you can edit resourses, but you have to resign the apk but that is shown below as well.
Then we have to remove the old APK signature and replace it with a new one.
We will generate a fake self signed key to sign the APK:
Remove the old signature from the APK:
And now we sign the APK, I use signapk.jar to do this:
[This project (hyper-link)] in Chapter09 uses the @ sign in its import statements but the webpack.config.js file doesn't have a path resolve statement:
But I don't think it's possible, because the Apple Developer Certificate is verified (signed) by Apple and I don't think that the Apple Root Certificate is installed on average Windows machines.
I checked Apple Software Update under Win10 and its cert issuer is Verisign.
OT Not a cert expert here, but if Apple concocted an intermediate cert that both the CA and Apple could vouch/revoke, not a few Windows devs would pony up for Apple's $100 Dev program for that su-weet 5 year non-MAS codesign cert (and probably dabble in App Store/ios development as a bonus)
Here is a detailed article about it: [http://luminaryapps.com/blog/code-signing-and-packaging-windows-apps-on-a-mac/ (hyper-link)] and more generally about code-signing Windows apps on a Mac.
In sed, you need to escape the dollar sign, because otherwise it means "anchor to the end of the line."
By looking through the bukkit javadocs, there seems to be both a class and an interface both with the name of Sign.
I believe that the Sign class in your program is really utilizing org.bukkit.material.Sign whereas it should be utilizing the org.bukkit.block.Sign interface.
Try replacing Sign in that specific line with its formal name like so:
org.bukkit.block.Sign newsign = (org.bukkit.block.Sign) loc.getBlock().getState();
Also see: [AJAX POST and Plus Sign ( + ) -- How to Encode?
IIS prevents plus-signs from being in URL path elements.
If you want signers to authenticate to DocuSign - they must have a membership in some DocuSign account.
You cannot know or check if they do, so this method is not useful unless the envelopes are only sent within an organization to a fixed number of individuals that you know are members of the DocuSign account.
Signature: MCwCFBpkSESngh+6ooMQZj7i+76t87QmAhQJTfyvvoZ4YFPd722R2qRnXD/Giw==
You seem to be trying to get data input inside another form, the sign-up form with
I personally have users sign-up on a website that handles encryption upon sign-up, and the password is hashed and salted before being inserted into the database (Something like BCrypt).
I believe the errors you are seeing are because the sign-up form is now empty.
One way to debug would be to print the lines u1, p1, u2, p2 (Scrap that p3, which leads me to believe it is the confirmation of the password when signing-up and is useless right now).
If two signs are similar you expect their SURF features to mostly match.
For example, a 30km sign may match to both 30km and 50km signs in some cases.
Then you will need to look for other criteria to separate them, like the number of matched features, or the percentage of images in your labeled set that matched the sign.
You will need to train your classifier with a set of cropped numbers in your labeled signs, and use the cascade of classifier to detect those numbers in your test images.
Did you tried overwriting devise sign_in_and_redirect method; It will work for you
If user signed in and they do not have a profile then route to the new_profile_path
From the devise source code for RegistrationsController it appears it is calling sign_in_and_redirect which in turns passes it to redirect_location method.
I override the redirect_location to just return the path from after_sign_up_path_for(resource) rather than stored_location_for(scope) || after_sign_up_path_for(resource).
Within after_sign_up_path_for(resource), I customise the method to redirect to the right path based on the type of user
*first)*To redirect after a succesful sign up to the welcome page,place in /config/routes.rb the following (note, replace :user with the argument you provided to devise_for):
*second)*To redirect after a sign out (to the welcome page also), place in the /app/controllers/application_controller.rb this method:
An answer to this question that worked perfectly for me is explained on the Devise Wiki here:
[How To: Redirect to a specific page on successful sign up (registration) (hyper-link)]
The issue is that Devise bypasses after_sign_in_path_for(resource) when signing into a resource that has just been created.
What you need is after_sign_up_path_for(resource):
You'll still need your after_sign_in_path_for(resource) override  to correctly redirect subsequent sign ins to the resource.
sign in
sign up
so you do not even need to override after_sign_in_path_for, which, contrary to what many believe, is not the best place to tackle the devise redirect problem.
You don't need a special comparison by sign.
They will be also sorted by sign and I don't think there will be a performance impact.
Google is your friend:
[$ sign JQuery (hyper-link)]
Dollar Sign is just an alias for JQuery.
$ sign is an alias for jQuery.
$ sign is used as an alias to Jquery.
The "signature base string" is being signed.
is represented by the following signature base string (line breaks
     are for display purposes only):
use %u to print the value as unsigned.
Sign extension DID occur, but you are printing the results incorrectly.
In your printf you specified %d for b, but b is unsigned, you should have used %u to print b.
Yes, there is way to directly sign in Google+.
Of course you need to set the delegate ( GPPSignInDelegate ).
The Firebase Authentication SDK provides methods that allow users to sign in with their Google, Facebook, Twitter, and GitHub accounts.
So its better to use firebase with google sign in.
Basically to make it easier for you after sign in.
Convert the [.p12 to a .pem (hyper-link)] and then sign the file with [pkeyutl (hyper-link)], like:
openssl pkeyutl -sign -in file -inkey key.pem -out sig
If you get the result their, then you have to call your function handleResult() to know whether user is successfully signed in or not.
AND the bytes with 0xFF to undo the effects of sign extension before the shift:
[GIDSignIn sharedInstance].allowsSignInWithWebView = YES;
See my answer to this other issue:
[Not fetch Google user when handle sign in with another Google app using GIDSignIn (hyper-link)]
The GIDSignInButton object don't need addTarget in code or linking @IBAction.
The GIDSignInButton class already handle that action for us.
If you are trying to to run GIDSignIn.sharedInstance()?.signIn() in @IBAction.
You can run GIDSignIn.sharedInstance()?.presentingViewController = self just before signIn instead of insideviewDidLoad().
It performs it in one operation, assignment.
According to this [article (hyper-link)], "Google+ Sign-In works for all users with a Google account, whether or not they have upgraded to Google+".
So this should answer your questions that sign in with Google without having a + account is not going away.
Additionally, user will not be forced to sign up using the new sign in.
After those sequences are expanded, the result is single-quoted, as if the dollar sign had not been present.
As you said Apple sign in mechanism was added in iOS13.
If you like to support older versions of iOS you will have to have other sign in method for those users.
Simply Add "Sign In with Apple" from Capability.
You can read this guideline 
[https://developer.apple.com/documentation/sign_in_with_apple/sign_in_with_apple_js/incorporating_sign_in_with_apple_into_other_platforms (hyper-link)]
first you have to configure your app for redirect url, bottom line is that you have to use the mechanism like you want to provide apple sign in Android, web or other platefrom.
the best tutorial  I found to configure is:
[https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/06/04/what-the-heck-is-sign-in-with-apple (hyper-link)]
if you successfully configure then
2-Set apple sign in image on the button you can download button image from here  [https://appleid.cdn-apple.com/appleid/button (hyper-link)].
3- if you successfully followed tutorial then after clicking sign in button and open this api
[https://appleid.apple.com/auth/authorize?response_type=code&response_mode=form_post&client_id=[your (hyper-link)] apple sign in client id]&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fexample-app.com%2Fredirect&state=78536bf485&scope=name+email
in wkwebview or otside the app depending upon you
then you will see screen like this
[ (hyper-link)]
enter your credential of apple sign in then if you get success it will redirect to your redirect uri
[ (hyper-link)]
For iOS 12 and eariler, macOS 10.14 and earlier, tvOS
12 and earlier, and watchOS 5 and earlier, as well as web applications
which cannot directly access Sign in with Apple JS framework, you must
manually control the sign-in request as referenced here.
The behaviour you describe suggests that PFUser.currentUser() is nil so self.performSegueWithIdentifier("goSignIn", sender: self) is executed in viewDidAppear when your main viewcontroller appears and you immediately end up back in the sign in page.
The solution would be to change adfs to Forms mode (switch the order of providers in adfs web.config) so that not only the adfs has its own cookies but also these cookies are truly removed when you issue the sign out message.
The battery size yellow sign indicates that this project is tracked by a source code repository.
If you look at the markers tab (Window > Show View > Markers), you can see the list of errors which is causing the red cross sign to appear.
Take a look at [the Android sign-in documentation (hyper-link)]:
To check if the user is signed-in, call isConnected():
[https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/android/gms/auth/api/signin/GoogleSignIn (hyper-link)]
public static GoogleSignInAccount getLastSignedInAccount (Context context)
Gets the last account that the user signed in with.
Returns: GoogleSignInAccount from last known successful sign-in.
If
  user has never signed in before or has signed out / revoked access,
  null is returned.
To check the sign-in via Google you need to check both firebase auth and getLastSignedInAccount.
Well, tracing the COSWriter flow, I've finally found that when the save is not incremental, writing signature methods are not being called at all.
This part is clearly stated in the examples, yet I've thought that it is relevant only for those specific scenarios or for a continuation of working with PDDocument, while my case is when signing is actually termination operation in the flow.
Another possibility is to pass the target OutputStream to the signPDF method and perform the actual flow termination here: saving the document and closing it afterwards.
Yet another one would be to call saveIncremental in the main flow (signPDF caller).
Well, at the time of this writing, there's a big "This library has been deprecated" warning on the Google+ library [documentation page (hyper-link)], so I guess my recommendation at this point would be to go with the Google Sign-in one.
You have to wrap this \simeq in '$' sign.
Its tempting to ditch the google sign in and just use your own.... or facebook.
To fix this you can revoke access to your application and then sign in again.
Then the other comes back saying:
error: "user_signed_out".
I am not marketing anyone here but try [VeriSign (hyper-link)].
They offer [Code signing (hyper-link)] which is what you are looking for.
You might want to read [Signing and Checking Code with Authenticode (hyper-link)].
As mentioned in the other answers, you will first need to purchase a certificate suitable for code signing.
When I renewed my company's certificate with [Globalsign (hyper-link)] recently, there was also an investigation to check that the company was legitimate - because I used a mobile number for the registration process, they wanted a letter from the company accountant to verify that we are a real business.
To sign the executable, I use an MSBuild task.
On the Globalsign web site, this installation was an automatic part of the certificate download process.
When you use the SignTool MSBuild task as above, it reads certificates from the personal store ("My") that is associated with the current Windows user account.
This means that you can control who can sign code with your certificate, which is a Good Thing.
It's a good idea to use the timestamp server when signing code, so that you don't need to re-sign the code when the certificate expires.
You'll need the code-signing command line utility from Microsoft.
I'd say it happens because in your firebase console you just have only one project, try to create a new project on firebase, link that new project (the one that is not assigned to the one you are using I'd say the one is in FOLDER2) and try it again, it should work.
Try signing out when entering your view controller where you sign in with google.
Signing out will expire the current token and you will be asked to sign in again with list of accounts.
That actually didn't fix it and the problem resurfaced again when I switched to using gapi.auth.signIn instead of gapi.login.render.
scanf(" %c %d", &sign &number) != 2 does not work as the format does not require a space between the char and int.
So code needs to look for sign, space and number.
Try storing in the UserDefaults which account your user is signed in as (e.g.
Then, in your sign-out method, handleSignOut() {...}, test for that value, i.e.
Once you've dealt with that by either technique you should be able to checkout the 9-sign-in-out branch.
The problem with just renaming your 9-sign-in-out to master, as suggested in [wRAR's answer (hyper-link)] is that if you've shared your previous master branch with anyone, this will create problems for them, since if the history of the two branches diverged, you'll be publishing rewritten history.
Essentially what you want to do is to merge your topic branch 9-sign-in-out into master but exactly keep the versions of the files in the topic branch.
Use SNK file instead of PFX file to sign assembly.
This will create the asdf.snk file which you can use to sign assembly.
See this answer:  [snk vs. code signing certificate (hyper-link)]
The good news is that you can sign your assemblies with PFX at some later point.
Meanwhile the SNK signature will get you past a number of hurdles including dotnet build and allowing the assembly to be loaded by other strong names assemblies.
After some googling, it seems there are some problems using codesign on macOS 10.12,
I've also post the solution in [this link (hyper-link)] on the electron-osx-sign GitHub issue page.
But if you trust the confines of your own network security and web server, then signing your web assemblies seems like a redundant step.
If you're talking about a mission-critical online banking website, then sign away.
Signing assemblies that are used within a trusted environment sounds like overkill to me.
An interesting point on signed assemblies is that they are slightly slower to load than unsigned assemblies, as they must be cryptographically verified.
In order to sign an assembly, any assemblies it depends upon must also be signed.
My guess is that this contributes to your colleague's desire to sign everything -- the compiler is demanding it.
The point that compelled this edit though is that nowadays we take so many open source libraries from NuGet, and many of them are not signed at all.
If you wanted to sign your assembly, you'd need to have any dependencies signed too.
Many of the open source libraries that are signed have the private keys used for signing publicly available in their source repositories.
In my experience of working in private environments, the benefits of signing are mostly theoretical (or academic, as [@user289100 (hyper-link)] mentions), unless you're concerned about government agencies modifying your code in which case you need to be paranoid about so many levels of your infrastructure that signing would seem like a small amount of effort.
Otherwise the amount of challenges that cascade out of having to sign everything just don't seem worth it.
Has your colleague given you any indications as to why he likes to sign assemblies?
One advantage to signing that hasn't been discussed here yet is that only signed assemblies can be put in the GAC (i.e.
Your anecdote about self-signing Microsoft code seems particularly suspect to me.
If MS didn't sign the code, there's probably a reason, right?
And by signing it, you're taking responsibility for it when you didn't write it - another opportunity for the future to bite you.
Another thing about signing an assembly is, that one can't inject incorrect one in place of yours (also - yourself by an accident).
In example, if you create a program that refers to an assembly Foo.dll, version 1.0, someone can create the an assembly, with the same version, and replace yours, when you sign your library, it won't be possible (at least I don't think it's easily possible).
Signatures are only necessary if the assemblies are placed in the GAC, nothing else.
Signed assemblies do not prevent someone to mess with them.
A hacker can still strip of the signature and any other code that checks for the signature.
I've encountered signed assembly-itis before and it's a pain in the posterior, especially when you consider the amount of people who have little to no knowledge of signing assemblies, what it's for and how to do it.
One additional point: signing your assemblies breaks backward compatibility over versions.
In my opinion, you should only code-sign assemblies if you see some concrete gain from it:
if your code should be callable from other signed code (a project like, say log4net, justifiably signs their code to be widely usable; they messed up hugely in compatibility by losing their secret key a few years ago, another risk of code-signing).
I've taken advantage of non-signed assemblies to get around issues before and in academic settings shown people why it's important.
I replaced a DLL file that was unsigned (again in an academic setting) with one I made with the same name, same signatures, and used [.NET Reflector (hyper-link)] to copy and paste the original code, but in mine I emailed user names and passwords that were being passed in before calling 'real' code.
If signed, you can make a signature match, but not replace.
Signing assemblies is never overkill.
It only takes 30 seconds to sign an assembly and there's no business case not to.
You need to sign your assembly when it's used in a deploy-from-the-web [ClickOnce (hyper-link)] [XBAP (hyper-link)].
In addition, all referenced assemblies will need to be signed as well.
We sign our assemblies because there are times when we get errors like the following (this one is from testing, but can occur when running the application):
If you want an error if you are running old code, then sign your assemblies.
If you are writing a nuget package, please sign your assemblies.
Unsigned assemblies is awkward for us who want to make sure we're running the latest version of our code.
So please, sign your nuget assemblies.
If that server handles authentication with google-api, then your user only interacts with your server (albeit with a redirect to sign into google).
More info [https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/troubleshooting (hyper-link)] see "Known issues"
The problem is that you are giving two different time values when calculating the values for OK-ACCESS-SIGN and OK-ACCESS-TIMESTAMP.
This is my solution for signing request to OKEx API.
This is how you enable [digital signing in IS (hyper-link)].
This is how you can do it with Wix: 
[WiX: Digitally Sign BootStrapper project (hyper-link)]
[- Using SignTool to Sign a File (hyper-link)]
As this is IBDesignalbe You can change the attributes in interface builder as well.
When you cast a 16-bit signed integer literal, 1<<15, to a 32-bit unsigned integer literal, it will take the following steps:
Since it's a signed literal, it's first sign-extended to a 32-bit signed value.
Now that the operand have the same bit-width as the desired type, the compiler casts it to a 32-bit unsigned integer type.
So you can see in this program, it's not the >> operation that's doing the unwanted sign extension, but rather the cast from a 32-bit signed integer to a 64-bit unsigned integer, because the cast actually acts like this:
If you want to avoid the extra sign extensions, you should either start with an unsigned literal (as Some programmer dude suggested in his comment), or make a cast to the same-width unsigned type.
You can make the signin visible by default and hide it if postBack is false.
You must always have a root CA, the CA has a key that can be used to sign a lower level certificate and a root certificate that can be embedded in the accepted root certificates on the client and is used to verify the lower certificates to check they are valid.
Self signed just means you are your own CA.
Whenever creating a self signed certificate you create a ca, then sign a site cert with that CA.
Those clients will then accept all certificates signed by your CA.
Option 2 (self-signing a certificate without a CA) is easier.
Here is a link with further information: [Creating Certificate Authorities and self-signed SSL certificates (hyper-link)]
You can sign and decrypt with the private key, you can verify (a signature) and encrypt with the public key.
A public-key certificate is the combination between a public key and various pieces of information (mostly regarding the identity of the owner of the key pair, whoever controls the private key), this combination being signed using the private key of the issuer of the certificate.
Self-signed certificates are a special case where the issuer and the subject are the same.
By signing the content of a certificate (i.e.
You don't strictly need a root CA at the top (a self-signed CA certificate), but it's often the case (you may choose to trust an intermediate CA certificate directly if you wish).
For your use case, if you generate a self-signed certificate for a specific service, whether it has the CA flag (basic constraints extension) doesn't really matter.
In your self-signed CA, you can see：
And in your self-signed certificate, it's:
If you need more certificates (C), you need to create a self-signed CA (ssCA).
If you need a single certificate, you can just create a self-signed certificate (SSC).
To trust many certificates at once, you need to create a self-signed CA (ssCA), then install ssCA into the root keystore on your client.
In previous Devise versions, the user was automatically signed in after confirmation.
This meant that anyone that could access the confirmation e-mail could sign into someone’s account by simply clicking the link.
Automatically signing the user in could also be harmful in the e-mail reconfirmation workflow.
An e-mail will be sent to another address which, with the token in hands, would be able to sign in into that account.
But if not, someone else could sign into that account and the user would not know that it happened.
For this reason, Devise 3.1 no longer signs the user automatically in after confirmation.
config.allow_insecure_sign_in_after_confirmation = true
The config.allow_insecure_sign_in_after_confirmation flag is no longer supported in Devise.
We wanted the user so sign in automatically if she clicks the link in the email 2 hours or less after user creation.
This code will allow the user to automatically sign-in after confirming, only if is the first time confirming his/her account.
and dollar-sign ($) are special regex characters (metacharacters).
and dollar-sign ($), you need to prefix a single backslash to each.
The advantage is that for signed int and unsigned int the alignment of bits/values remain the same.
Signed int with value 10 is equal to unsigned int value 10.
If you would put the sign-bit to the right those values would be different .
Careful, most computer integers do not actually use a sign bit per se, but rather use what is called [2's complement (hyper-link)] to store numbers in a signed fashion.
It is true, however that 2's complement will cause the "left-most", or more specifically, the "most significant" bit to be set to 1 when a number is negative.
For example, adding a negative 2's complement number to a positive 2's complement number can be done using the same hardware logic as standard addition, whereas a sign bit would not allow this.
Another system for representing signed integers, but not used as often (citation needed) is [1's compliment (hyper-link)].
Notice that there still is not technically a sign bit, even though the most significant bit will always be 1 when the number is negative or 0 when non-negative (except in the case explained below).
The advantage here is once again simplified hardware logic for arithmetic operations on the numbers compared to using just a straight sign bit.
1's compliment does suffer from one of the problems that a number using a sign-bit suffers from, and that is that it can store the number 0 in two ways.
Essentially, 0 does not have a sign, positive or negative.
As I mentioned above, using a sign bit suffers from the same positive/negative 0 issue that 1's compliment suffers from, and it requires a much larger set of special cases in the hardware logic that make using this storage method both confusing (in the case of 0) and expensive (in terms of time and physical hardware logic) to use for storing signed numbers.
Ultimately, there is no distinct advantage at the hardware level for using the most significant bit.
In fact, the hardware circuitry could actually be laid out physically with the most significant bit in the middle, but logically it is at the left.
Here in America, we typically write negative numbers a la -244521, with the negative sign at the left.
So why not put the sign bit at the left?
Philosophy aside, as stated in [this answer (hyper-link)], placing the sign bit in the leftmost bit does provide a natural alignment between numbers that are signed and unsigned, which is usually a good thing for our slow human brains.
Cast a pointer to the floating point variable as something like an unsigned int.
Obviously you probably wouldn't use unsigned ints for the exponent and sign bits but this should at least give you the idea.
So in this case, you want to zero out the sign bit when you get the exponent, and you want to zero out the sign bit and the exponent when you get the mantissa.
Look at math.h (cmath in standard C++) and functions frexp, frexpf, frexpl, that break a floating point value (double, float, or long double) in its significand and exponent part.
To extract the sign from the significand you can use signbit, also in math.h / cmath, or copysign (only C++11).
Well, you distinguish between defined (describes how a certain sign looks like) and placed signs (which are actually shown in the sign column).
Unfortunately there is no way to toggle the sign column without removing all placed signs first.
Thus you'd have to use a list/dict to keep the IDs/line numbers of signs.
(Shameless plug: [https://github.com/mhinz/vim-signify (hyper-link)])
Update Since patch [7.4.2201 (hyper-link)] you can make use of the 'signcolumn' option to disable displaying the signs.
Have a look at the documentation [:h 'signcolumn' (hyper-link)]
Well, you need to unplace all signs for the current buffer to have them not displayed.
newer thane 7.3.596) you can simply use :sign unplace *.
You can take my plugin [https://github.com/chrisbra/SaveSigns.vim (hyper-link)] to save those signs to a temporary file (which will in fact create a Vim script, to be able to replace all the signs.
Using that plugin you can write a custom function to toggle displaying the signs.
If you're willing to wait for Bram to get to it on his TODO list, or are willing to patch/compile Vim yourself, a patch was recently submitted to allow this with a new 'signcolumn' option.
Escape the equal sign with \\ infront and wrap the parameter part with a quote
All the artifacts you upload to the Play Console should all be signed with the same keystore.
So the error means that you signed the App Bundle with a key that is different than the ones you have uploaded previously.
Just rebuild the project and generate signed apk once again and try !
In android/app/build.gradle, make sure you set signingConfig to signingConfigs.release in your release buildTypes:

[code snippet]
Go to Build -> Generate Signed Bundle / APK
Enter your key-store details (if this is your first time doing this, you have to check the Export encrypted key checkbox, which you can use for Google Play App signing) and click Next
We've lost the upload key (initial keystore file, probably .jks) that was used to sign the app.
I had the same error when building a signed Android App Bundle.
Select Build > Generate Signed Bundle/APK
If you are publishing app to playstore and find  error Your Android App Bundle is signed with the wrong key.
Ensure that your app bundle is signed with the correct signing key and try again:
Then,
If you have not generated/changed app bundle or rebuild/clean project before reaching the current state displayed in pic then make sure to make new app project on play console as play console might be mixing the two keys.
When you are creating signed bundle it gets saved to some location,
Then when it gets rejected,
you went again to make new Signed Bundle,
Well thats where the mistake happens.
See when now you will create another signed bundle,
you sign it another folder , assuming that previous one was made last time,
, make sure you store the signed key in the "SAME FOLDER",
No need to make any new signed key path ,
JUST use the path you used while doing it for First time.
In the [Firebase Auth Quickstart sample code (hyper-link)], the sign-out for Google provider includes these steps.
Are you calling GoogleSignInClient.signOut() when you sign-out?
Add this on the sign in page, and before you pass to the next activity, just call SignOut().
It simplifies sign in and sign out operations in a sense that it will do all the heavy lifting for you.
I did mGoogleSignInClient.signOut() 
this is working as expected.
I was confused since all of the solutions required having a reference to the GoogleSignInClient, but it is actually not required for you to hold a reference to it, you can simply create a new instance and call signOut() on it.
Use same instances of Firebase Auth and GoogleSignInClient,
for example, If we declared and instantiated a Firebase Auth called mAuth in LoginActivity,
Then if we declare a new mAuth in other activity and try to call mAuth.login, it will not work properly.
Make Firebase Auth and GoogleSignInClient variables public and static and use the same from the other activities
The files in the archive are not signed!
And the UUID doesn't change when signing either.
So simply provide the complete archive to your client, and they can copy it into the archives folder in Xcode and use the build in tools to sign and export the archive in the Xcode organizer.
Update: Xcode 9+, the title of the question is essentially how to re-sign an xarchive file, please note that xarchive is a higher level where ipa file is embedded, the way to deal with this file is to extract them "show packages" then you'll see the actual app on "products/applications/name.app" then, copy the name.app (asssuming this is your app) to another folder, re-sign them using this [method (hyper-link)] , the article is old but works on xcode 9.
Once you've re-signed it you can put it back on the extracted xarchive file earlier, then if you double click it will open on xcode archive and now you can distribute them under your signature.
Without host and domain names, self-signed certificates will be the only option which means they will not be valid SSL certificates.
However, if you want to give it a try, you can generate self-signed SSL certs on Linux using this command:
Self-signed certificate is no good.
I experienced this error on several sites that offer Google Sign in.
The code would look just like how Devise already does it in the sign_in method.
What about the [jarsigner (hyper-link)] plugin?
Thanks to a pull request from [https://github.com/pootsbook (hyper-link)] and [https://github.com/rubynortheast (hyper-link)], the master branch of Devise now supports separate hooks for sign_up and sign_out.
To show the Sign in dialog or the Sign out Link and the behaviour you explain makes sense.
After yousignout you will see the sign in dialog.
Added signOut function:
Variables assigned directly before the command in this way only take effect for the command process; the shell remains untouched.
The  environment  for  any  simple command or function may be augmented
  temporarily by prefixing it with parameter  assignments,  as  described
  above in PARAMETERS.
These assignment statements affect only the environment seen by that command.
I just enable the "Automatic manage signing" at project settings general tab, Before enabling that i was afraid that it may have some side effects but once i enable that works for me.
For what it's worth automatic signing failed every time until I just manually deleted local profiles in:
~/Library/MobileDevice/Provisioning Profiles
After that automatic signing worked perfectly and it got the right profiles from Apple's servers.
I unchecked and then checked the "Automatically manage signing" option.
xCode wasn´t able to resolve that conflict and that´s why it was giving signing certificate error all the time.
You may also solve code signing issues with great [Fastlane toolkit (hyper-link)].
Authors put a lot of effort to effectively automate building, signing iOS apps (and more).
So in the mentioned suite, there is tool sigh which magically resolves any signing issues, hence the name :) Nice thing here is, that this tool encapsulates a knowledge about common signing issues and can detect and resolve most of them.
Finally, go to Build Settings -> Signing, and switch to newly created provisioning profile, whose name you just saw in the command output.
This example is for development code signing problem (running on the device).
Clicking but then cancelling "Enable Automatic Signing" worked for me, although the actual change it made was:
There are many ways to fix this, like enabling automatic signing etc.
It says that the provisioning profile you have selected in the "General tab", does not contain the signing certificate you selected in the "Build settings" -> "Code Signing Identity".
Usually this happens if a distribution certificate has been selected for the debug identity under "Build settings" -> "Code Signing Identity".
If this happens under "Signing (Debug)" it might also be that the "Signing Identity" -> "iOS Development" is not included in the provisioning profile.
Then first check then uncheck the Automatically manage signing option in the project settings with selecting team.
Select the provisioning profile and code signing identity in project build settings
"Enable automatic signing" and then selecting a team from the drop-down menu helped me with this exact problem.
And when I downloaded the Xcode certificate, I received an error message: "The error is that the security profile does not include the certificate signature."
2) In Xcode: Project file => Signing (Debug) => Provisioning profile => Import profile => Select file with 1
A solution to #2 when you are not able to get the certificate & .p12 file from the creator would be to just check the 'Automatically manage signing' option.
I experienced this issue after recently updating Xcode to version 9.3
The issue was in code signing (under debug) certificate was set to distribution certificate instead of development certificate so this prevented me from installing the app on my devices.
Project -> Targets -> Select your app -> Build Settings -> Code Signing Identity -> Debug -> Double tap "iPhone Distribution" and change it to "iPhone Developer".
For details, see the "App signing overview"
section of Xcode Help.
I haven't seen this mentioned yet but if you are still having issues after recreating your provisioning profiles, deleting the existing ones you have in your Provision Profiles folder, checking for dupes in your Keychain, etc (all other answers ITT), open your Target > Build Settings > Code Signing and make sure everything looks consistent in there.
For example, I had changed the Code Signing Identify for Debug to a Distribution identity, which obviously wouldn't work as the Development Provisioning Profile doesn't have the Distribution certificate and was causing the error in the first place.
If your trying to upload your app to iTunes Connect (your Provisioning Profiles are set to Distribution), Go to Project Settings -> Build Settings -> Code Signing.
Go Build Settings -> Signing -> Code Signing Identity
same answer with [Code signing issue in Xcode version 8 (hyper-link)].
If you use manual signing (which I would definitely encourage), this error may occur because Xcode thinks that it should sign a release build with a developer certificate, which is obviously not included in a release provisioning profile.
To change it, go to build settings and search for Code Signing Identity.
Provisioning profile "XXX" doesn't include signing certificate "Apple Development: XXX (XXX)".```
In my case the issue is that on Xcode Beta 11.5 there's a change on the ways to sign the app so just make sure that both for the Debug/Release the provisioning certificate is properly set
Xcode 8 shows error that provisioning profile doesn't include signing certificate
My issue was I needed manual signing.
So my mistake was that In Build Settings -> Code Signing -> Code Signing Identity
I had my debug (Automatic signing style, and Apple Development Certificate), Staging and Release (Manual and Apple Distribution (adHoc) variants set correctly.
What you can do is force the user to click the Google+ Sign-In Button before they will be authorized unless you have set a cookie on their client indicating they are signed in (or enrolled, if you want to distinguish between the sign-in action and being signed-in).
[how do i sign user out of my app?
or this question:
[Preventing automatic sign-in when using Google+ Sign-In (hyper-link)]
There are a few ways you can do this, sign out when the browser is closed, but this depends on how you're using cookies.
The error message you're getting probably is about the other percent signs.
If you put only single percent sign in a string python thinks it will be followed by a format character and will try to do a variable substitution there.
You will not need to escape your percent signs then:
You need function evaluator engine for that  (it is not that hard to code) there is no way to evaluate sign only if you want to support +,- operations !!!
This is not related to .sign, but your session attribute CaseReference not being interpreted.
To sign an android apk you have to use your own key, or testsign.jar (I've never heard about SignApp.rar).
You can use testsign.jar with this command:
java -jar testsign.jar unsigned.apk signed.apk
Custom TimeSpan format specifiers also do not include a sign symbol
  that enables you to differentiate between negative and positive time
  intervals.
To include a sign symbol, you have to construct a format
  string by using conditional logic.
and use: sign.text() == '+'?
