I did some [benchmarks (hyper-link)] for the different implementation of the svd functions and found scipy.linalg.svd is faster than the numpy counterpart:
However, [jax (hyper-link)] wrapped numpy, aka jax.numpy.linalg.svd is even faster:
I'm pretty sure that the backend that actually computes the SVD decomposition is the same for MATLAB and OpenCV (I'm thinking in both cases it is done with LAPACK).
SVD is not used to normalize the data, but to get rid of redundant data, that is, for dimensionality reduction.
The eigenvalues in SVD help you determine what variables are most informative, and which ones you can do without.
You perform SVD over your training data (call it matrix A), to obtain U, S and V*.
This is called k-truncated SVD.
SVD doesn't help you with sparsity though, only helps you when features are redundant.
Using SVD, you go from n features to k features, where each one will be a linear combination of the original n. It's a dimensionality reduction step, just like feature selection is.
When redundant features are present, though, a feature selection algorithm may lead to better classification performance than SVD depending on your data set (for example, maximum entropy feature selection).
[https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/33142/what-happens-when-you-apply-svd-to-a-collaborative-filtering-problem-what-is-th (hyper-link)]
Compute the SVD X = U D V^T.
(Note: the algorithms derived from this technique also store the SVD of the estimated matrix, but it is computed differently).
PCA or SVD, when used for dimensionality reduction, reduce the number of inputs.
The sparse top k svd won't let you calculate every singular value because if you wanted to do that, then you could just use the full svd function.
The caveat is that while the numpy and scipy full svds can both recreate the original matrix well enough, the top k svd cannot.
The issue is that SVD if used with top k can be used as a low rank approximation of the original matrix, not as a replacement.
We find for the timings that the use of a larger p value still results in a huge speed-up compared to the original svd algorithm.
Both SVD and eigenvectors are not fully unique.
In SVD you can sign flip any vector in U as long as you do the same to the corresponding vector in V. The eigenvectors you get are not coupled in that way, therefore there is a good chance of sign mismatch.
If we replace the non-linear activation by a linear one (identity) and use the L2 norm as a reconstruction error, you will be performing the same operation as an SVD.
Eigenvector decomposition (EVD) and singular value decomposition (SVD) are closely related.
(Note that there may be some very very tiny numerical differences as well, due to slight differences in the svd and eig algorithms).
You can do PCA either by taking the original data matrix and applying SVD, or by taking its covariance matrix and applying EVD.
Both do essentially the same thing, but from different starting points, because of the above equivalences between SVD and EVD.
[ILNumerics.net (hyper-link)] seems to have SVD among other things.
PageRank computes (a variant of) eigenvector centrality, while the SVD apparently leads to the ﻿Hyperlink-Induced Topics Search (HITS) algorithm.
In conclusion, I don't know why PageRank is better than SVD; it's not even clear to me that it is better than SVD.
My recommendation, try the Eigen matrix library, for example the JacobiSVD.
[http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/dox/classEigen_1_1JacobiSVD.html (hyper-link)]
Depending on what you need the SVD for you can also have a look at the scikit-learn package for python, they have support for many decomposition methods such as PCA and SVD together with sparse matrix support.
There is a light implementation of SVD which is called thin-SVD.
hence, thin-SVD might solve this problem by not calculating all singular values and their singular vectors.
To find the corresponding implemetation you can search for: sklearn.decomposition.TruncatedSVD¶
In case your analysis may work just with the vector vS, only the .svd( ..., compute_uv = False, ... ) flag will avoid making a space for about ~ 1/2 [TB] RAM-allocations by not returning ( and thus not reserving space for them ) instances of mU and Vh.
The scipy.linalg.svd() processing will allocated internally working resources, that are outside of your scope of coding ( sure, unless you re-factor and re-design the scipy.linalg module on your own, which is fair to consider very probable if not sure ) and configuration control.
So, be warned that even when you test the compute_uv = False-mode of processing, the .svd() may still throw an error, if it fails to internally allocate required internally used data-structures, that do not fit the current RAM.
Try svd(A)$u%*%diag(svd(A)$d)%*%t(svd(A)$v).
It's just a different convention, different systems/textbooks will define the SVD one or the other way.
Here's a development of the theory that has the dimension conventions the same as in LINPACK and R:  [https://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/spring12/cos598C/svdchapter.pdf (hyper-link)]
To get the full U and V matrices, use the nu= and nv= arguments to svd().
The problem that you describe likely occurs because impute.svd initially sets all of the NA values to be equal to the column means, and then doesn't change these values upon convergence.
It depends on the reason that you are using SVD imputation in the first place, but in case you are flexible, a good solution to this problem might be to switch the rank of the SVD call, by setting k to, e.g., 1.
For example, if you set it to 1 (as it is set in the example in the impute.svd function documentation), then this problem does not occur:
The impute.svd algorithm works as follows:
For extracting watermark use [UT ST VT] = svd(WW) instead of ST=U' * WW * V and then use this ST value to extract watermark.
So need to write            [U S V]=SVD(WW) in place of expression.
If you look at the sizes of the matrix elements, you'll notice that svd.matrixU() is 18x18, svd.singularValues() is 18, and svd.matrixV() is 27x27.
When you write svd.matrixU() * svd.singularValues().asDiagonal() the result is a 18x18 matrix which cannot multiply svd.matrixV().
The routine [dgesdd (hyper-link)] computes the SVD for a double precision matrix.
[http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/dox/classEigen_1_1JacobiSVD.html (hyper-link)]
Graphlab uses Eigen for linear algebra, not sure if they use it for SVD.
svd.cpp:
It's relatively straightforward to write a routine that dumps a sparse matrix (class dgCMatrix) to a text file in SVDLIBC's "sparse text" format, then call the svd executable, and read the three resultant text files back into R.
The catch is that it's pretty inefficient - it takes me about 10 seconds to read & write the files, but the actual SVD calculation takes only about 0.2 seconds or so.
You can do a very impressive bit of sparse SVD in R using random projection as described in [http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.4061 (hyper-link)]
The [irlba (hyper-link)] package has a very fast SVD implementation for sparse matrices.
Double/Single/Generic .Factorization.Svd are abstract classes.
Double/Single/Generic .Factorization.DenseSvd are implementations.
Svd() used to be an extension method in v2, which unfortunately is only available if you include the [right namespace (hyper-link)].
From [http://code.opencv.org/issues/1498 (hyper-link)]
it seems recent versions of OpenCV no longer use LAPACK  to do SVD (as used by Matlab, I think).
The results of the SVD need not be unique.
gdesvd_ is the function you are looking for.
You only need SVD to compute the inverse of  [ (hyper-link)] and then you get the Weights for Linear Regression as follows:
Get [ (hyper-link)] with SVD:
After that you can just use tf.svd directly as it takes just a tensor.
output of tf.svd will have three values as mentioned in the [tf.svd (hyper-link)] documentation.
Refer to this paper: A New Face Recognition Method based on SVD Perturbation for Single Example Image per Person: Daoqiang Zhang,Songcan Chen,and Zhi-Hua Zhou
According to the R documentation (.../library/base/html/svd.html):
These singular values are computed by the SVD algorithm from the whole input matrix, so there is no way to label the singular values based on the column names.
SVD is an O(N^3) operation (or O(MN^2) if it's a rectangular m*n matrix) which means that you could very easily be in a situation where your problem can take a very long time.
Yes it's posible, but implementing SVD in php ins't the optimal approach.
SVD-python 
Is a very clear, parsimonious implementation of the SVD.
[SVD-python (hyper-link)]
is by far the clearest, most concise and informative paper I've read on the remaining steps you 
need to work out following the SVD.
while svd-python is great for learning, the svdlibc is more what you would want for such heavy 
computation.
finally as mentioned in the bellegarda paper above, remember that you don't have to recompute the 
svd every single time you get a new document or request.
depending on what you are trying to do you could 
probably get away with performing the svd once every week or so, in an offline mode, a local machine, 
and then uploading the results (size/bandwidth concerns notwithstanding).
1) A true SVD is much slower than the calculus-inspired approximations used, eg, in the Netflix prize.
It so happens that the eigenvectors returned by eig don't match up in the right way for SVD (even though they are normalized).
SVDs results are not unique.
In order to judge the correctness, consider testing for equaltiy of the result of multiplying the output of SVD with the original matrix, recognizing round off errors.
Complete code example works with given matrix for all SLEPc SVD methods except SLEPc.SVD.Type.CROSS.
It is a library written in Python, using a C library (SVDLIBC) to perform the sparse SVD operation using the Lanczos algorithm.
You can try [scipy.sparse.linalg.svd (hyper-link)], although the documentation is still a work-in-progress and thus rather laconic.
Sounds like [sparsesvd (hyper-link)] is what you're looking for!
SVDLIBC efficiently wrapped in Python (no extra data copies made in RAM).
Simply run "easy_install sparsesvd" to install.
SVD is extraordinarily useful and has many applications such as data analysis, signal processing, pattern recognition, image compression, weather prediction, and Latent Semantic Analysis or LSA (also referred to as Latent Semantic Indexing or LSI).
[Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) in PHP (hyper-link)]
One can use [scipy.sparse.svds (hyper-link)] (for dense matrices you can use [svd (hyper-link)]).
If you're working with really big sparse matrices (perhaps your working with natural text), even scipy.sparse.svds might blow up your computer's RAM.
In such cases, consider the [sparsesvd (hyper-link)] package which uses [SVDLIBC (hyper-link)], and what gensim uses [under-the-hood (hyper-link)].
Looking into the source via the link you provided, TruncatedSVD is basically a wrapper around sklearn.utils.extmath.randomized_svd; you can manually call this yourself like this:
Let us suppose X is our input matrix on which we want yo perform Truncated SVD.
To understand the above terms, please refer to [http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.decomposition.TruncatedSVD.html (hyper-link)]
Truncated SVD is an approximation.
This can be proved by comparing the full SVD form of X and the truncated SVD form of X'.
Late to the party, but for future reference one can obtain a SVD implementation in C from the book "Numerical Recipes in C by William H. Press et al", in Chapter 2.6, Page 67, SVD Algorithm.
Warning: When googling SVD implementations in C check what assumptions are made w.r.t the input matrix.
Alternatively, you can use the SVD in LAPACK.
Stephen Canon provided a code example on another SO question on how to use dgesdd to perform SVD.
SVD is similar to PCA, it will find the "natural" axes in your data (read wikipedia or any other doco for more rigorous explanation of what "natural" means).
The U matrix returned by SVD is the rotation matrix you are after (that is between the original x-y axis of your data, and the "natural" axes found by SVD).
A good starting point for LSI with Stochastic SVD on Mahout can be found [here (hyper-link)].
The good part is that the paper describes also the folding in process and is explicit on the output format in terms of the svd equation.
The work is integrated in the latest version 0.8 and can be used with SSVDCli job or through mahout CLI with mahout ssvd <options>
This can never change or you would be computing something else instead of the SVD.
JacobiSVD is expected to be slow for large matrices.
Regarding BDCSVD, please try the one in the 3.3-beta1 release (or devel branch).
It is now in the official Eigen/SVD module and it has been considerably improved.
The SVD() function expects the input image to be a floating point image, so you may need to convert scale to 32-bit from the standard 8-bit.
The SVD values are stored in the Nx1 matrix (IplImage in this case) named W. The input image img is converted to 32-bit in A.
We used the CV_SVD_MODIFY_A flag to make it faster and modify values in A.
You might want to try out the SVDmiss function in SpatioTemporal package which does missing value imputation as well as computes the SVD on the imputed matrix.
Check this link [SVDmiss Function (hyper-link)]
Please see below a comparision for your matrix with sklearn.decomposition.PCA and numpy.linalg.svd.
Can you compare or post how you derived SVD results.
numpy.linalg.svd:
Output for SVD:
Part of the beauty of the SVD is that you don't need to take the crossproduct of x to get the crossproduct's SVD.
You can, instead, get the SVD of x%*%t(x) (aka tcrossprod(x)) directly from the elements of x's SVD.
Specifically (and up to the sign of U's columns) SVD(x %*% t(x)) = U D^2 t(U), where U and D are taken from the SVD of x.
SVD and SVM solve different problems, no matter how they work internally.
SVD is a dimensionality reduction technique, which basically densifies your data.
In general machine learning, SVD is often used as a preprocessing step.
In recommendation, there are many matrix/tensor factorization techniques that resemble SVD, but are often optimizing for different objective functions, e.g.
They are often called SVD or contain the "SVD" in their name, but they are not exactly what a mathematician understands as SVD.
You could directly use PyTorch's SVD and truncate it manually, or you can use the truncated SVD from [TensorLy (hyper-link)], with the PyTorch backend:
However, the GPU SVD does not scale very well on large matrices.
You can also use TensorLy's partial svd which will still copy your input to CPU but will be much faster if you keep only a few eigenvalues as it will use a sparse eigendecomposition.
In Scikit-learn's truncated SVD, you can also use 'algorithm = arpack' to use Scipy's sparse SVD which again might be faster if you only need a few components.
[U,S,V] = svd(A) returns numeric unitary matrices U and V with the columns containing the singular vectors, and a diagonal matrix S containing the singular values.
svd does not compute symbolic singular vectors.
You are over writing the results in svd in each iteration.
But, since one of the primary uses of the SVD is to provide a rotation that eliminates covariance, redundant (or the same) columns should not cause problems.
To answer your question about if the slow behavior being a bug in the library you're using, I'd suggest trying to retrieve the SVD of the same matrix using another tool.
For example, in [Octave (hyper-link)], retrieve an SVD of your matrix to compare runtimes:
However this does not clarify the standards used for OpenCV and SVD.
There is no clear way how to contruct a real matrix power function with SVD.
Only when A is symmetric, SVD becomes similar to an eigen decomposition (up to permuting the values).
The SVD was introduced in tensorflow 0.10.
As to the reason why the eigenvectors are different in sign is most likely the way the SVD is calculated.
I'd finally like to point you to this Cross Validated post that talks about the different algorithms that compute the SVD.
numpy.svd examines the properties of the input matrix and chooses the right algorithm that is suitable.
[https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/66034/what-are-efficient-algorithms-to-compute-singular-value-decomposition-svd (hyper-link)]
The biggest issue is the svd_decomp.argsort().
In fact, you don't need to do any sorting, because linalg's svd() function does it for you.
Although it might be better than inv(A)*b, using svd is not the "correct" approach here.
You'll have a hard time beating MATLABs implementation of mldivide, but using svd might give you some more insight of the properties of the system if you actually investigates U, S, V. If you don't want to do that, do with mldivide.
You, as a new person in this world wonders, "Why would I do something this difficult with this SVD stuff instead of the so commonly known inverse?!
However, if you try to solve it using SVD method (b=[1;-2;3]) you will get a result.
SVD is a decomposition of a matrix:
Difficulties might arise from representation of w. Consider following:
[Matlab SVD output in opencv (hyper-link)]
Then the way you reserve SVD to get img is
Note that w computed by cv::SVD::compute is a n*1 vector instead of a n*n matrix.
I also encountered this now, thought I should write here, In my case while computing SVD, my size was like 2 * (#imagePixels),
Thus one of the U or Vt matrix became huge which cannot be allocated on heap, thus this exception std::bad_alloc came, as in my case Vt size will be imagePixels * imagePixels which is huge.
Note that the SVD algorithm in OpenCV produces outputs of the form below:
For a matrix A(m x n), SVD produces the following three matrices:
Therefore if you want to reconstruct the matrix from the individual SVD components you'll have to first bring the vector 'w' into a diagonal matrix form.
However, the parallelization of SVD algorithms is still subject to active research, meaning that no parallel version has been found yet to be vastly superior to the serial implementation.
EDIT: You may not be the first to observe the [poorer performances of TensorFlow with SVD (hyper-link)] as compared to the FORTRAN implementations.
It looks like TensorFlow op [implements (hyper-link)] gesvd whereas if you use MKL-enabled numpy/scipy (ie, if you use conda), it defaults to faster (but less numerically robust) gesdd
You can try comparing against gesvd in scipy:
I've also experienced better results with MKL version so I've been using this helper [class (hyper-link)] to transparently switch between TensorFlow and numpy versions of SVD, using tf.Variable to store results
This is typical for SVD and PCA when the data is not really a good fit for the method.
The outputs of np.linalg.svd are ndarray objects, for which the operator * is element-wise multiplication.
Also note that u must be using ssvd for what u r trying to achieve.
See [http://mahout.apache.org/users/dim-reduction/ssvd.html (hyper-link)]
Therefore the SVD of A contains at most 3 singular values.
Keep in mind that this isn't the SVD of A anymore, but instead the condensed SVD of the matrix augmented with a lot of 0's.
To perform Procrustes for adjusting your noisy rotation matrix M you need to be calling svd with a 3x3 Eigen matrix (storing M).
The PCA in Accord.NET is already computed using the SVD.
For an example on how to perform SVD manually, without the help of the PCA class, you can always look at the [PrincipalComponentAnalysis.cs source code (hyper-link)].
Thus if we
calculate the SVD of 'z' (which is x standardized), the columns of matrix V
(right side of SVD) will be the principal components of x.
With this, what we have to do now is to perform the Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) of the matrix z:
I don't have all of the answers for you, but if you want to look into this, what you are asking for is a comparison of the Schur decomposition and the SVD (for example [http://www.ijcaonline.org/icvci/number14/icvci1529.pdf (hyper-link)]), since I believe the Schur decomposition is the way most people compute Eigenvalues.
Of course, there is a higher computational complexity with the SVD.
I have heard that the SVD is more accurate, but I admittedly do not know why.
I think when people say that the SVD is more accurate, they mean that svd(A) will yield more accurate singular values than eig(A^T * A), which is definitely true.
Also, be careful that rARPACK only calculates PARTIAL SVD, meaning it only calculates the largest k singular values and associated singular vectors.
If you do need the full SVD, you may still turn to use svd().
You may also consider bigstatsr::bigSVD().
ILNumerics might have it but I didn't see whether they do rSVD and I have no personal experience with the library but it is available through NuGet fortunately.
Here are the docs on their SVD implementation:
[http://ilnumerics.net/apidoc/Index.html?topic=html/Overload_ILNumerics_ILMath_svd.htm (hyper-link)]
I also checked out redsvd, and I bet I could either port it to C# for you or at the very least get it to compile on windows.
Here's a really quick way to get redsvd working on Windows using Visual Studio 2010.
[https://github.com/hoonto/redsvdwin (hyper-link)]
Open up the rsvd3.sln in Visual Studio, build it, and you'll get a rsvd3.exe in the Debug directory.
By the way, this builds the redsvdMain.cpp, if you wanted the Incr file with main it, exclude redsvdMain.cpp and include redsvdMainIncr.cpp.
ILNumerics might have it but I didn't see whether they do rSVD and I have no personal experience with the library but it is available through NuGet fortunately.
Here are the docs on their SVD implementation:
[http://ilnumerics.net/apidoc/Index.html?topic=html/Overload_ILNumerics_ILMath_svd.htm (hyper-link)]
I also checked out redsvd, and I bet I could either port it to C# for you or at the very least get it to compile on windows.
Here's a really quick way to get redsvd working on Windows using Visual Studio 2010.
[https://github.com/hoonto/redsvdwin (hyper-link)]
Open up the rsvd3.sln in Visual Studio, build it, and you'll get a rsvd3.exe in the Debug directory.
By the way, this builds the redsvdMain.cpp, if you wanted the Incr file with main it, exclude redsvdMain.cpp and include redsvdMainIncr.cpp.
From my experience, svdlibc is the best library of those options.
I've dug a bit through its code before and I don't believe it's calculating the full S matrix (i.e., it is a true "thin svd").
If you can control the matrix representation on disk, svdlibc performs much faster when using the sparse binary input format due to the significantly lower I/O overhead.
The S-Space Package provided an [executable jar (hyper-link)] around the SVDLIBJ java port of SVDLIBC.
However, they found it had different results than SVDLIBC for certain input solutions.
But really, there is no natural ordering of the singular values that comes from the method used to compute the SVD.
No, the very definition of SVD does not introduce an ordering.
Restricting the discussion to square X matrices and adopting the same notation of the cited [matlab documentation (hyper-link)], if X = U*S*V' is a SVD of X, then for every [permutation matrix (hyper-link)] P, we can form a valid SVD as X = (U*P)*(P'*S*P)*(V*P)'.
svd
For cor matrix, all princomp, svd, and eigen produces same results.
To use SVD inside Keras, we need to use the Lambda layer.
I don't know the internals of simplex to say if it uses SVD.
Because of that the final results can fluctuate, even if the procedure doesn't depend on random number generator (like computeSVD), or if generator seed is set.
Recall how SVD decomposes a matrix into UΣV*.
[svd (hyper-link)] can accept nu and nv arguments specifying the size of U and V to emit.
These default to min(# of rows, # of cols), meaning by default in R the SVD is the “skinny” or economy-mode SVD, whereas Matlab defaults to the full SVD unless you ask for the skinny version.
Here’s how to get the full V: S = svd(M, nu=3, nv=4).
In this case, the Matlab and R SVD match!
(In general they don’t need to match, since any rotation of both U and V is also an SVD.)
From Wikipedia on SVD:
You may also need to center the data before SVD.
SVD can be used to compare images (blocks) by applying SVD to two images and then comparing only the SVD approximations of them, up to a certain order.
This can extended to more than two images by treating the SVD result as a feature vector (-> machine learning) for e.g.
SVD based image compression ("approximation") is e.g.
I don't have voice data to test, but in my understanding, by means of SVD, the components fall into the similar orthogonal vectors are hopefully be clustered with the help of unsupervised learning.
Two articles about the [sound-formed matrix (hyper-link)] and [SVD (hyper-link)] are for your reference.
linalg.svd returns s in descending order.
Multinomial NB classifier and TruncatedSVD are both related to Nature Language Processing (NLP).
The [relation between SVD and PCA (hyper-link)] is described as: The eigenvalues of M*M are the squares of the singular values of M.
[SVD (hyper-link)]
SVDRecommender uses approximate decomposition of ratings' matrix into two other matrixes.
I think this is a big question, as there are many recommender approaches that I think could be called "incremental SVD".
After incremental SVD you have k trained features.
svd(C) gives you:
The condition u @ np.diag(s) @ vh = A with u, s, vh = np.linalg.svd(A), is where you should focus.
First of all there are many forms of the SVD, differing in the sizes of the matrices.
Perhaps the most useful from a theoretical point of view is the 'full fat' svd where we have that U is mxm, S is mxn and V is nxn.
This latter is the form of SVD ('thin') in your question:
To achieve this the routine that calculates the svd in effect works with a version of A with shuffled columns.
The 'thin' svd above has already done this in the sense that it has thrown away all the coluns that make no contribution to A.
You need to first take the eigendecomposition of your data matrix (since it's symmetric, but SVD is equivalent, notice how U==V).
This would tell SVD or any other type of principal component analysis (PCA) that these are the ranks (which are artificially low).
The Netflix prize winner ([link for more info (hyper-link)]) that utilized the SVD approach also must have used some sort of missing data PCA routine.
SVD can handle rank-deficiency.
The diagonal matrix D has a near-zero element in your code and you need use pseudoinverse for SVD, i.e.
You should find SVD and QR have equally good accuracy in your example.
For more information, see this document [http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/fall11/cos323/notes/cos323_f11_lecture09_svd.pdf (hyper-link)]
You SVD-based approach is basically the same as the [pinv function (hyper-link)] in MATLAB (see [Pseudo-inverse and SVD (hyper-link)]).
Try this SVD version called block SVD - you just set the iterations equal to the accuracy you want - usually 1 is enough.
you run SVD with different values of k and evaluate performance of these approximations on the validation set and choose the k with the lowest value of RMSE (as stated in the tutorial)
I think it's possible to compute (partial) svd using the irlba package and bigmemory and bigalgebra without using a lot of memory.
As mentioned on [this (hyper-link)] page, numpy internally uses LAPACK routine _gesdd to get the SVD  decomposition.
To find the SVD of a general matrix A, call the LAPACK routine ?gebrd
  or ?gbbrd for reducing A to a bidiagonal matrix B by a unitary
  (orthogonal) transformation: A = QBPH.
Then call ?bdsqr, which forms
  the SVD of a bidiagonal matrix: B = U1ΣV1H.
Get the SVD of the bidiagonal matrix, using implicit zero-shift QR algorithm.
Next, perform SVD on C to get USU' = SVD(C), where U' is U transposed.
In this case V' from SVD is the same as U' because C is symmetric and positive definite (if C is full rank) or semidefinite if it is rank deficient.
The function dgesvd_ expects the matrices in column-major order, while your code supplies the data in row-major style:
Effectively, your code is thus calculating SVD of
Now you write that all you need is "the projection matrix useful to reduce my n-dim data to k-dim ones by SVD".
The svds may be worth considering when your TrainingData is huge (in both dimensions) so that svd is too slow (if it is huge in one dimension, just apply svd to the gram matrix).
Yes, the full_matrices parameter to scipy.linalg.svd is important: your input is highly rank-deficient (rank max 3,241), so you don't want to allocate the entire 12,596 x 12,596 matrix for V!
The scipy.linalg.svd is dense and doesn't offer truncated SVD, which results in a) tragic performance and b) lots of wasted memory.
Have a look at the [sparseSVD (hyper-link)] package from PyPI, which works over sparse input and you can ask for top K factors only.
Or try scipy.sparse.linalg.svd, though that's not as efficient and only available in newer versions of scipy.
One possibility is [sklearn.utils.extmath.randomized_svd (hyper-link)]
In addition to randomized svd, you can run ARPACK on the squared problem, via [scipy.sparse.linalg.svds (hyper-link)].
Note that svd.singularValues().row(1) is not a scalar but a 1x1 matrix, which is why your code does not compile.
Before normalizing, you’ll notice your vector values are very close to 0 (probably because of how svd was done) which probably means they’re close to black.
As for using SVDs to reduce storage, if you re-multiply your matrices, you're going back to a full matrix with the exact same number of elements as you started with and hence you'll get the same sized image.
The central idea is to use the thin SVD and replace the image with the decomposition products U, S, and V* after discarding the null space components corresponding to the new zero values in the SVD.
In short, the SVD decomposition is not unique.
Different SVD (and eigenvalue) algorithms can lead to different decompositions.
[The Wikipedia article on the SVD (hyper-link)] has an example of two very different SVDs for the same rank-deficient matrix.
The first slide does not explain yet how SVD is related to LS.
There is an SVD algorithm for dask arrays.
If you want a fast algorithm to compute partial SVD, try function big_randomSVD of [package bigstatsr (hyper-link)] (disclaimer: I'm the author).
Nevertheless, to give you a general idea, (which you should definitely reinforce with solid facts): 
The linear algebra behind the singular value decomposition (svd) essentially describes (in the simplest case) what happens to a vector, when it is multiplied by a matrix.
For a more detailed explanation, I suggest this lecture to you: [Lecture: The Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) (hyper-link)]
You cannot compute the SVD of a matrix without having access to all of the values in the matrix (i.e.
To see this, look at the SVD of the matrices:
Or, more generally, take the SVD of the matrix:
Observe that they are different, and conclude that you can't compute an SVD based solely on the upper triangle.
Edit:
Alberto correctly observes that the questioner may be working with symmetric (or hermitian) matrices, for which it is absolutely possible to compute the SVD based solely on the upper triangle.
Finally had a chance to get back to this: One generally doesn't perform a SVD for symmetric matrices, because the SVD is over-general.
All the eigenvalues of a symmetric matrix are real and the eigenvectors form an orthonomal basis, so the "SVD" is really just the usual eigen-decomposition.
[SVD (hyper-link)] is related to the eigenvalue decomposition of MM' and M'M
How do we reconcile this with the fact that our SVD is M = USV'?
You can use SVD from scipy:
Check SVD correctness:
The rank-r SVD reduces a rank-R MxN matrix A into r orthogonal rank-1 MxN matrices (u_n * s_n * v_n').
Additionally, it should be noted that the SVD is useful for many other applications in signal processing.
tmp.reshape(1) when you pass it into the svd call.
Your problem is basically how to do a least-square fitting using the Eigen JacobiSVD module.
Denoting U = svd.matrixU(), the vectors U.col(0) and U.col(1) defines a base of your plane and U.col(2) is normal to your plane.
There is a paper called [Finding Structure in Randomness (hyper-link)] that address some points about all of these decompositions as well as the SVD which would be covered in [Trefethan and Ba (hyper-link)]u .
After calculating the 3 matrices using SVD, you need to calculate the correlation between the vectors of the two documents you want to compare.
3) Now use svd to evaluate the inverse above, see [Most efficient matrix inversion in MATLAB (hyper-link)]
On the SVD Eigen image:
The problem was with the transposing v (np.transpose(v)).
I found out from documentation ([1 (hyper-link)]) that numpy.linalg.svd returns a transpose of v, so I just needed to perform the dot product without transposing v.
Furthermore, the [eig docs (hyper-link)] do not guarantee any order in your results, whereas the [SVD docs (hyper-link)] explicitly state that your values are returned in descending order.
Yes, you can check Mahout Distributed Lanczos SVD implementation
Just to start, I assume you're aware that the SVD is really not the best tool to decorrelate the pixels in a single image.
Although this question is old, it has helped me a lot to understand SVD.
We compute the SVD of Lena.
This is one example of how SVD can be used to do lossy image compression.
In Matlab, for sparse matrices, you have svds.
See [irlba: Fast partial SVD by implicitly-restarted Lanczos bidiagonalization (hyper-link)] in R. It just calculates the first user-specified no.
I don't really see why using sparks mllib SVD would improve performance or avoid memory errors.
Get more RAM (but at some point tf-idf + SVD is not scalable).
There are some SV closest to zero making the SVD decomposition numerical sensitive to different implementations of the SVD, which is probably what you are seen
Using a sparse matrix SVD algorithm is enough.
SVD is constrained by your memory size.
[Apache Mahout (hyper-link)] is a distributed data mining library that runs on hadoop which has a parallel SVD
If the matrix has more than 1 eigvalues equal to 0, then 'SVD did not converge' is raised.
It is a known issue that the SVD algorithm does not parallelize well.
If you are using a graphics card such as GeForce GTX you really aren't going to see much benefit for a GPU in double precision for an algorithm like SVD.
The SVD algorithm is too highly dependent on a serial factorization iteration.
The resulting object can then be passed to algorithms, such as the svds function, which only depend on matrix multiplication and transpose multiplication.
I think you're missing the point of SVD decomposition.
what SVD does is allow you to store/transmit less information... in other words, in your case, you can transmit 256^2 doubles or (256*j)+j+(256*j).
Some linear-algebra background
Singular Value Decomposition ([SVD (hyper-link)]) is a decomposition of any matrix W into three matrices:
One of the interesting properties of SVD is that it allows to easily approximate W with a lower rank matrix: Suppose you truncate S to have only its k leading elements (instead of all elements on the diagonal) then
Using SVD to approximate a fully connected layer
Suppose we have a model deploy_full.prototxt with a fully connected layer
Copy deploy_full.protoxt to deploy_svd.protoxt and open it in editor of your choice.
Now we have deploy_svd.prototxt with trained_weights_svd.caffemodel that approximate the original net with far less multiplications, and weights.
Actually, Ross Girshick's py-faster-rcnn repo includes an implementation for the SVD step: [compress_net.py (hyper-link)].
Also, for me scipy.linalg.svd worked faster than numpy's svd.
Now the following is the code snippet which will convert TF-IDF output to RowMatrix and you apply computeSVD method on it.
First of all, depending on the size of your matrix, sklearn implementation of PCA will not always compute the full SVD decomposition.
However, if you just want the SVD decomposition of the original data, I would suggest to use [scipy.linalg.svd (hyper-link)]
Perform an adaptive SVD,
Use the SVD from [dask (hyper-link)].
SVD: why not just do it in SAGE if you don't understand how to do SVD?
See [SVDRecommender (hyper-link)] in Apache Mahout.
In SVD results there is some possible variation due to different algorithms.
I can suggest you the GNU GSL library which can do a lot of matrix algebra, such as SVD decomposition and triangular matrix multiplication very efficiently (and many others!)
As far as I am aware, there is no clever way to compute the SVD of such a product.
You simply multiply the matrices, then take the SVD of the resulting matrix.
It shows that the first value is much bigger than the  others, indicating that the corresponding [Truncated SVD (hyper-link)] with only one value represents the original matrix A quite well.
The reason why it will reduce the dimension is there is a special type of SVD called the truncated SVD.
The SVD employs something called Gram-Schmidt to get this orthogonal basis which are (a type of) linearly independent vectors.
The point of the SVD is to fundamentally represent the occurences of words in a specific way.
The way SVD is defined, the s matrix you obtain from the la.svd method is a diagonal matrix containing singular values in descending order.
It seems that he's been working on a sparse SVD package with a student, but I'm not sure what stage the project is at.
I'm not certain, but I think that the function you want to call in PROPACK is dlansvd (assuming double-precision), which is documented as follows:
[SVDLIBC (hyper-link)] is a C library with [partial support for the Harwell-Boeing (hyper-link)] format.
If you need svd for some analysis (i.e.
The SVD components are the ones you are supposed to store.
Basically, if svd(M) fails, try svd(M'), and swap the resulting U,V appropriately.
What worked for me was to only compute the ["economy size" SVD (hyper-link)] of that matrix X:
Yes, the behavior of svds is a little bit different from svd.
[U,S,V] = svds(A,...) returns three output arguments, and if A is m-by-n:
and you will get error of the same order of magnitude as in case of svd.
Note svds is best used to find a few singular values of a large, sparse matrix.
To find all the singular values of such a matrix, svd(full(A)) will usually perform better than svds(A,min(size(A))).
However, numpy.linalg.svd is supported [according to the documentation (hyper-link)] (not that it may differ from scipy.linalg.svd).
The eigenvector (dense matrix V) as a result of performing computeSVD() on your dataset denotes a vector  [2x2 matrix] that is a scalar multiple of the linear decomposition of your dataset.
SVD finds the identity vector that maximizes variance explained by your data, whereas PCA seeks to find a set of orthogonal vectors that act as axes (across an arbitrary N number of features) that allow your data to be modeled in two dimensions (determined by the set of axes that result in the maximized amount of variance that is explained by the SVD).
This is why your SVD outputs the identity vector:
There is a lot of literature about the relationship between SVD and how it relates to PCA, and why SVD is the more stable solution for preserving data integrity due to rounding inaccuracies as a result of computing the product of your dataset by its tranpose matrix (X*X⊤), but you'd be better served with the many highly upvoted posts on {math|stats}.stackexchange listed below.
[What is the intuitive relationship between SVD and PCA?
[Why SVD on X is preferred to eigendecomposition of XXT in PCA (hyper-link)]
It's possible to approximate the SVD of a matrix with missing values using an iterative procedure:
Perform SVD on the filled-in matrix
Reconstruct the data matrix from the SVD in order to get a better approximation of the missing values
This is a form of expectation maximization (EM) algorithm, where the E step updates the estimates of the missing values from the SVD, and the M step computes the SVD on the updated estimate of the data matrix ([see Section 1.3 here for more details (hyper-link)]).
To build on ewcz's answer, both the nullspace and pseudo-inverse can be calculated using numpy.linalg.svd.
Also, for rank-r approximation, wikipedia [SVD (hyper-link)] cites the Eckart-Young theorem:
SVD minimizes |M - Mr| over Mr in the (rather nonconvex) set of rank-r matrices, in Frobenius norm.
The only mildly tricky bit would be "expanding" s If you have scipy installed it has [scipy.linalg.diagsvd (hyper-link)] which can do that for you:
The argument S of [LAPACKE_dgesdd() (hyper-link)] represents the singular values of the matrix in  the [SVD decomposition (hyper-link)].
To be perfectly accurate, by definition singular values of SVD are not necessarly reordered, but MATLAB SVD reorders them.
One way to use SVD to reduce noise is to do the decomposition, set components that are near zero to be exactly zero, then re-compose.
Here's an [online tutorial (hyper-link)] on SVD.
SVD can be understood from a geometric sense for square matrices as a transformation on a vector.
One reason SVD is desirable from a numerical standpoint is that multiplication by orthonormal matrices is an invertible and [extremely stable (hyper-link)] operation (condition number is 1).
SVD captures any ill-conditioned-ness in the diagonal scaling matrix S.
To answer to the tittle question: SVD is a generalization of eigenvalues/eigenvectors to non-square matrices.
Say, 
$X \in N \times p$, then the SVD decomposition of X yields X=UDV^T where D is diagonal and U and V are orthogonal matrices.
Now X^TX is a square matrice, and the SVD decomposition of X^TX=VD^2V where V is equivalent to the eigenvectors of X^TX and D^2 contains the eigenvalues of X^TX.
S is a diagonal square (the only nonzero entries are on the diagonal from top-left to bottom-right) matrix containing the "singular values" of M.  U and V are orthogonal, which leads to the geometric understanding of SVD, but that isn't necessary for noise reduction.
However, if we only keep the k largest singular values (which is easy, since many SVD algorithms compute a decomposition where the entries of S are sorted in nonincreasing order), then we have an approximation of the original matrix.
SVD can also be used to greatly ease global (i.e.
By SVD, A(x,y) = U(x) * S * VT(y) and therefore D * MT = U * S * VT
then D = U * S * VT * MT+ where the "+" indicates a pseudoinverse.
The PCA class will always compute the full SVD, though, so you wont get a speedup.
I don't know if specifically SVD is supported in CUDA.
I also thought that SVD was super simple and everything.
The reason why your SVD does not work is that U and V are interlinked in that their column signs need to work together in some way.
In this case, there is no fundamental difference between the SVD and the eigenvalue decomposition.
From np.linalg.svd's documentation:
This means that SVD is
working in "stacked" mode: it iterates over all indices of the first
a.ndim - 2 dimensions and for each combination SVD is applied to the
last two indices."
I'm not really sure why the 40'000 by 40'000 covariance matrix's SVD is diverging.
(As a sidenote, this is a really expensive and numerically unstable way to whiten the data array: you don't need to compute the covariance and then take the SVD—you're doing twice the work.
You can take the skinny SVD of the data matrix itself (np.linalg.svd with the full_matrices=False flag) and compute the whitening matrix directly from there, without ever evaluating the expensive outer product for the covariance matrix.)
From the [linalg.svd (hyper-link)] documentation:
It seems Meta package has some bugs in calculation of SVD.
When I try that code I get an exception because the "preallocated" matrix you supply to the tmpSVD.getSolution(...) method is the wrong size/shape.
The sparse SVD can be computed indirectly.
As of version 5.0, Armadillo has the [svds() (hyper-link)] function for obtaining a limited number of singular values and singular vectors.
If as you have wisely done svd was called with full_matrices=False this simplifies to
Generally SVD is a difficult to paralellize routine.
As VAndrei has already stated, the SVD is an algorithm which is difficult to parallelize.
The performance of the SVD drops rapidly with a growing matrix size.
Then you just call [U,S,V] = svd(MhReduced);
However, in case of an ill-conditioned matrix, this method may fail to produce a usable result, whereas applying SVD directly could still yield a usable result due to SVD's robustness.
If you're only interested in the performance of the SVD caluclation, don't take any return values.
If you are only interested in the "solution vector", just get V (and access the last column): [~,~, V] = svd(Mh);.
A solution to this problem is using a singular value decomposition (SVD).
If USV = svd(A) denotes the results of the SVD, the pseudo-inverse is given by VS"U', with S" is formed by taking the inverse of the non-zero elements of S.
So A" = VS"U'.
However since a SVD is rather costly, especially with large matrices.
If your case actually is A*x=0, just use a SVD and read the last column vector from V, it is the solution.
If you use the SVD not to solve a linear system but for the results of U and S (as your example suggests), I'm not sure what I've posted will help you.
I have tried to parallelize SVD on my laptop equipped with GTX 460 for over one months, which was also a part of my undergraduate thesis, I did so many experiments that I later discovered that MATLAB is extremely fast and outperforms my code, by the way, I used one side Jacobi, and I have not yet seen any paper that reveals an algorithm faster than svd of MATLAB.
By the above code, it is possible to either compute the singular values only or compute the full SVD including the singular vectors.
It is possible also to compare the different behavior of the CPU and GPU versions of the SVD code.
The first 4 columns refer to a comparison between the CPU and GPU Matlab versions of the svd routine when it is used to calculate the singular values only or the full SVD.
The motivation has been already pointed out in some answers above: there is an inherent difficulty to parallelize the SVD computation.
Such columns report the timing of the codes at [Singular values calculation only with CUDA (hyper-link)] and [Parallel implementation for multiple SVDs using CUDA (hyper-link)] using cusolverDnSgesvd for the singular values only calculation and full SVD calculation, respectively.
As it can be seen, cuSOLVER's cusolverDnSgesvd performs even worser than Matlab, if one takes into account that it deals with single precision, while Matlab with double precision.
The motivation for this behavior is further explained at [cusolverDnCgesvd performance vs MKL (hyper-link)] where Joe Eaton, manager of cuSOLVER library, says
We do provide a decent speedup for
  LU, QR and LDL^t factorizations, which is what we would like to say
  for SVD as well.
That being said, we can
  do better with SVD, but it will have to wait for the next CUDA
  release, priorities and timelines being tight already.
Using ArrayFire, I had the following timing for the full SVD computation:
Note that dssvd is for Apache-Mahout Samsara which is a library that will run on top of Spark.
So in essence this is a Spark based approach to svd which is in fact distributed.
One way or another, you should probably look into prcomp, which calculates PCA using svd instead of eigen (as in princomp).
That way, if all you want is the PCA output, but calculated using svd, you're golden.
Also, if you type stats:::prcomp.default at the command line, you can see how it's using the output of svd yourself.
SciPy and Numpy both compute the SVD by out-sourcing to the LAPACK _gesdd routine.
A SVD of a matrix factorizes it into the product of three matrices:
Note: np.linalg.svd doesn't return S but s which is just a 1D array containing the singular values.
You can calculate its SVD:
The FLOPS for Singular value decomposition (SVD) should go as O(N^3) whereas the reads as O(N^2).
However, your implementation of SVD is memory bandwidth bound which means it can't scale well with the number of cores for a single socket system.
Here is [paper for parallel SVD computation (hyper-link)] from a google search which says in the abstract
Thanks to Z boson remarks I managed to write a far better performing paralell SVD decomposition.
In SVD decomposition $A=UDV^T$ only $D$ is unique (up to reordering).
indexes 0, 3, 5, 9) after running SVD (possibly a sign of collinearity), is this intended?
Generally, we switch to SVD or QR in this situation, but pivoted Cholesky factorization is another choice.
SVD is the most stable method, but too expensive;
In R, svd computes singular value decomposition.
So, it turned out to be that, if your data set's numeric values don't meaningfully start with zero you cannot apply truncatedSVd, without some adjustments.
The V matrix of the SVD decomposition A = U * S * V', where the ' symbol indicates transposition, encodes the permutation of the axes of A.
The beauty of SVD is that it can be applied to any matrix  A=USVT  and its components have this meaning:
To sum up SVD represents any matrix multiplication as 3 consecutive operations: remap, squeeze, orient.
A nice color illustration of this process can be found here: [Analyze1SVD.pdf (hyper-link)] (it is deep in the directory structure of the unpacked folder).
run svd to get the first 6 eigenvectors for the cor of a 250 x 800 matrix filled with rnorm).
Finding the SVD of the covariance matrix is a method to perform [Principal Components Analysis (hyper-link)] or PCA for short.
I suspect the reason why you are getting more memory occupied by applying the SVD on the actual data matrix M itself rather than the covariance matrix is because you have a significant amount of data points with a small amount of features.
If M is a m x n matrix where m is the total number of data points and n is the total number of features, doing cov(M) would actually give you a n x n matrix, so you are applying SVD on a small amount of memory in comparison to M.
For more information about the link between SVD and PCA, please see this post on Cross Validated: [https://stats.stackexchange.com/q/134282/86678 (hyper-link)]
Instead of [U, S, V] = svd(M), which tries to build a matrix U that is 49152 by 49152 (= 18 GB !
), do svd(M, 'econ').
That returns the [“economy-class” SVD (hyper-link)], where U will be 52 by 52, S is 52 by 52, and V is also 52 by 52.
There’s a lot of magical linear algebraic properties and relationships between the SVD and EVD (i.e., singular value vs eigenvalue decompositions): because the covariance matrix cov(M) is a Hermitian matrix, it’s left- and right-singular vectors are the same, and in fact also cov(M)’s eigenvectors.
Furthermore, cov(M)’s singular values are also its eigenvalues: so svd(cov(M)) is just an expensive way to get eig(cov(M)) , up to ±1 and reordering.
As @rayryeng explains at length, usually people look at svd(M, 'econ') because they want eig(cov(M)) without needing to evaluate cov(M), because you never want to compute cov(M): it’s numerically unstable.
I recently wrote an answer that showed, in Python, how to compute eig(cov(M)) using svd(M2, 'econ'), where M2 is the 0-mean version of M, used in the practical application of [color-to-grayscale mapping (hyper-link)], which might help you get more context.
The module carries out PCA using either a SVD or the NIPALS (Nonlinear Iterative Partial Least Squares) algorithm which is implemented in C.
By the way, I think SVD can handle 460 * 460 dimensions very well.
I have calculate a 6500*6500 SVD with numpy/scipy.linalg.svd on a very old PC:Pentium III 733mHz.
To be honest, the script needs a lot of memory(about 1.xG) and a lot of time(about 30 minutes) to get the SVD result.
But I think 460*460 on a modern PC will not be a big problem unless u need do SVD a huge number of times.
SVD should work fine with 460 dimensions.
You do not need full Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) at it computes all eigenvalues and eigenvectors and can be prohibitive for large matrices.
PCA using numpy.linalg.svd is super easy.
If you're working with 3D vectors, you can apply SVD concisely using the toolbelt [vg (hyper-link)].
This introduces NaNs, which is usually what the SVD convergence failure indicates.
You want something similar to [https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/svd.html (hyper-link)] with A = 4x2 where final S = 4×2 too.
The SVD of a matrix can be written as
Matlab's svd command returns U, S and V, while numpy.linalg.svd returns U, the diagonal of S, and V^H.
You can also try to ballpark things by compiling an SVD directly in C++ using Armadillo and / or Eigen (if you have them installed outside of R, and/or you may get the headers from the R packages used with some tinkering).
Using [SVD (hyper-link)], a matrix A of shape (m x n) is decomposed into
With SVDC and SVSOL in IDL you solve a linear least squares problem by SVD decomposition.
(No need to compute first the SVD decomposition and then back solve.)
Currently the QR, SVD and Bidiagonal decompositions implement it.
It's not eclipse who cannot run the svd program but the jvm, because it cannot find svd's path on the system.
You should put your svd program on $PATH variable so that when the JVM runs your program and finds a call to svd, it should know where this svd program is located so it may call it.
Looking for the meaning of that values (elements of matrix S from a [SVD decomposition (hyper-link)]) in wikipedia we get:
Also, if you're open to C++ and a decomposition using randomized and re-orthonormalized matrices, you can try the code at the google code project called redsvd.
(I can't post the link because I don't have the requisite reputation for three links, but you can search for redsvd and find it readily.)
The SVD-based method used by scikit-learn does not have to materialize the empirical covariance matrix in memory and therefore is more memory efficient.
So, for svd, we can see that it gives the error you see when there aren't enough dimensions... which means the as.matrix(x) hasn't given an object with dimensions, which means its input x must be not quite as expected.
I pulled the same trick in ldei to get the values of E and V2 (which are the x given to svd)  I won't put that code here as it's a big much.
Matlab uses LAPACK's DGESVD implementation for singular value decomposition, which doesn't take into account direction of the resulting vectors.
In applications, when SVD is performed, decomposed data is processed and then data is reconstructed back signs make no difference.
One might apply sign correction algorithm after performing SVD with Matlab.
If the goal is just to have numerical stability of the solution, then it would be enough to choose some vector and change all SVD vectors to lie in the same half-space with it.
In 5 pages it explains everything you want to know about LSI and SVD.
You would still be left with all the hard work, since computing the SVD of the interval matrix is not as far as I know directly related to the SVD of any specific matrix, or is it?
I've used Math.NET Numerics v2.6 (NuGet package), but there was no change around the SVD decomposition in this release.
Have you considered centering the matrices before SVD?
If you want to know why this step is useful, you need to know a bit of theory about how the SVD works.
The SVD stands for [Singular Value Decomposition (hyper-link)].
What you are doing with the SVD is that it is transforming your N-dimensional data in such a way where it orders it according to which dimension exhibits the most amount of variation, and the other dimensions are ordered by this variation in decreasing order (SVD experts and math purists... don't shoot me.
This is how I understand the SVD to be).
Take a look at this [great tutorial on the SVD here (hyper-link)].
From what I understand from your comment below, you would like each thread to calculate a separate SVD.
So, basically each thread should execute a standard, sequential SVD scheme.
As of February 2015, CUDA 7 (currently in release candidate version) offers full SVD capabilities in its cuSOLVER library.
Concerning the specific issue you are rising (calculating the SVD of several matrices of small size), you should adapt the example I'm providing below by using streams.
As of CUDA 9.0, the cuSOLVER library has been equipped with a batched SVD calculation based on the Jacobi method.
Assuming you have PyTorch >= 1.2.0 then batched SVD is supported so you can use
Truncated SVD (CPU only)
If you don't have cuda acceleration you could use truncated SVD to avoid computing the unnecessary singular values/vectors.
Unfortunately PyTorch doesn't support truncated SVD and AFAIK there's no batched or GPU version available.
[scipy.sparse.linalg.svds (hyper-link)]
[sklearn.sparse.linalg.randomized_svd (hyper-link)]
Even though I'm not using it on sparse matrices I found svds with k=1 to be about 10x faster than torch.svd on CPU tensors.
I found that randomized_svd was only about 2x faster.
Also, svds should be a little more accurate than randomized_svd.
Keep in mind there are going to be small differences between these results and the torch.svd results, but they should be negligible.
PyTorch now has [speed optimised Linear Algebra operations (hyper-link)] analogous to numpy's linalg module, including torch.linalg.svd:
The implementation of SVD on CPU uses the LAPACK routine ?gesdd (a divide-and-conquer algorithm) instead of ?gesvd for speed.
Analogously, the SVD on GPU uses the cuSOLVER routines gesvdj and gesvdjBatched on CUDA 10.1.243 and later, and uses the MAGMA routine gesdd on earlier versions of CUDA.
The model.components_ attributes merely describe how you can transform the tfidf vector space to the svd space.
There is a [post on Matlab Central (hyper-link)] that details a procedure to watermark an image using SVD.
We have an SVD
The example you provide fails because you are trying to compute the full SVD decomposition by svds(A,k) which should be used only if k < min(size(A)).
For your example svd() should be used.
If you are interested in a square S2 you should use svd(k2, 'econ').
SVD is the hardest operation to optimize compared to the two others.
The SVD is a LAPACK operation and thus the situation is similar to the QR one.
To solve this, remove columns where you have all zeroes (svd will not reveal anything new about them), or replace NaN columns with zero after using scale.
There are several ways to compute the SVD in OpenCV:
Have a look at the documentation for [cv::SVD (hyper-link)] and [cv::eigen (hyper-link)] for more details.
You can compute SVD in python using numpy.
find /I "STARTDELIV" "MYURL\ABS.SVD" "
If all points are from a plane, call SVD with just a sample.
In other cases, an "economic" SVD via svd(A,0) might be helpful for non-square matrices (it does not compute the full S, but only the non-zero block).
[This (hyper-link)] Wikipedia article describes three methods for the numerical computation of the null space: reduction (Gaussian elimination), [SVD (hyper-link)], and [QR decomposition (hyper-link)].
In brief, (1) reduction is "not suitable for a practical computation of the null space because of numerical accuracy problems in the presence of rounding errors", (2) SVD is the "state-of-the art approach", but it "generally costs about the same as several matrix-matrix multiplications with matrices of the same size", and (3) the numerical stability and the cost of QR decomposition are "between those of the SVD and the reduction approaches".
So if SVD is too slow, you could give a chance to [QR decomposition (hyper-link)].
To reconstruct A from its SVD given by u, s, v you would use
My knowledge id Linear Algebra is somewhat rudimentary and dusty, but I think this one satisfies all the conditions of SVD.
SVD is nothing but a factorization of the original matrix M in three matrices-- one diagonal matrix d , and two orthogonal matrices u and v, such that M=udv'
So the only restriction is that the number of rows is v' should be same as the number of columns in u*d
If you want to compute all of them, you can use svd's arguments nu and nv.
I ran your snippet and did not get the 'raise LinAlgError("SVD did not converge")' exception.
I would say that the easiest way would be to use the in-build function svd.
[https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/svd.html?s_tid=gn_loc_drop (hyper-link)]
which does the same operation on every loop, since you were not indexing into F. In particular, this operation was trying to broadcast a single SVD object into all the fields of F on each iteration of the loop.
(And that broadcast operation failed because by default structs are treated as iterable objects with a length method, but SVD does not have a length method.)
SVD is an abstract type because the types of its parameters have not been specified.
As you can see, it is difficult to correctly specify the concrete type when you are working with complicated types like SVD.
There's a differnent way of preallocation -- you can reuse the input array by always overwriting it, with both the rand call and svd's internal needs:
In the formal definition of the SVD, the shape of s should be (4, 2).
You state standard svd function - but from where there is not one by standard in python you could be using one from numpy, scipy or several other places, (this is why "namespaces are a honking good idea").
Since svd and pca are implemented differently, you don't have a guaranty to get the same signs.
There are two versions of SVD.
The simple SVD of a matrix consists of finding some matrices U, D, V such that X = UDV', where D is diagonal and U, V are orthogonal.
In the other version of SVD, U and V are completed with an orthogonal basis of the left null space and the null space of X respectively.
Because the extra singular values are of little interest (since they're all zero) these are not returned by the function svd.
That is because TruncatedSVD and PCA use different SVD functions!.
PCA internally uses [scipy.linalg.svd (hyper-link)] which sorts singular values, hence the explained_variance_ratio_ is sorted.
Screenshot from the above-mentioned scipy.linalg.svd link:
On the other hand, TruncatedSVD uses [scipy.sparse.linalg.svds (hyper-link)] which relies on the ARPACK solver for decomposition.
Screenshot from the above-mentioned scipy.sparse.linalg.svds link:
Reason 2: The TruncatedSVD operates differently compared to PCA:
On the other hand, the variance in TruncatedSVD is obtained from X_transformed which results from multiplying the data matrix by the components.
The latter does not necessarily preserve order because data are not centered, nor is it the purpose of TruncatedSVD which it is used in first place for sparse matrices:
It turns out that this is a bug in randomized_svd, specifically on this transformation:
You can get these matrices using [numpy.linalg.svd (hyper-link)] as follows:
By the way, note that when you used PCA, the data is centered before svd is applied (unlike numpy.linalg.svd, where svd is applied directly on the matrix itself.
Can't comment on Mirian's answer because I don't have enough reputation, but from looking at Miriam's link, sklearn actually calls scipy's linalg.svd which is doesn't seem to be the same as np.linalg.svd [(discussion here) (hyper-link)]
So it may be better to use U, S, V = scipy.linalg.svd(a, full_matrices=True)
In the question you write "for anything starting with /svd/188".
The current implementation of CuPy calls cusolverDn<t>gesvd(), which does not support batch computation.
FYI to improve CuPy, cuSOLVER has cusolverDn<t>gesvdjBatched() and cusolverDn<t>gesvdaStridedBatched(), which seem possible to be used for batched SVD (of dense general matrices).
I don't have an idea on the difference among SVD algorithms.
cuPy gives access to cuSolver, including SVD:
[https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/reference/generated/cupy.linalg.svd.html (hyper-link)]
this [SVD-demonstration (hyper-link)].
If I understand you correctly, all you want to do a distributed SVD.
TruncatedSVD is more feature-rich.
It offers two algorithms: either a fast randomized SVD solver (the default), or scipy.sparse.svds.
(Full disclosure: I wrote TruncatedSVD.)
The answer to your question about using PLSSVD within a Pipeline in cross_val_score, is no, it will not work out of the box, because the Pipeline object calls fit and transform using both variables X and Y as arguments if possible, which, as you can see in the code I wrote, returns a tuple containing the projected X and Y values.
The PLSSVD estimator you are trying to use is inherently multi target, even if you are only using it on one target.
Second, the complexity of svd is O(max(m, n) * min(m, n)) and based on what data will be returned by the function it can be O(max(m, n)^2) (according to [this reference (hyper-link)]).
in response the truncated SVD.
There is another command within the SVD
Seen [here (hyper-link)] Which gives the reduced SVD
The SVD method on the other hand, apparently minimizes the squared point-plane distance:
There was the question about difference between PCA and SVD on math section.
[https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/3869/what-is-the-intuitive-relationship-between-svd-and-pca (hyper-link)]
Unfortunately, one of the byproducts of SVD is to get the size of the null space.
[http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=Error+in+svd(m)+:+infinite+or+missing+values+in+ (hyper-link)]'x'
Possibly the svd calculation itself also uses a lot of memory.
If we compare to MATLAB, we see that the svd calculation allocates just as much memory as the matrix itself uses, so if you already ise 3GB of memory, the svd calculation possibly allocates another 3GB, which gives 6GB of memory.
The reason for this guess is that the first line of code inside svd() is the following:
In other words, the svd() function test first whether there are any infinite values in your data.
So, if you had memory problems, these would be apparent even before your call to svd().
So when we use the manual computation using the latent factors, bias, and global mean according to the SVD equation, we should use these numbers instead:
I could work around my memory problem on the svd computation by using the :clatrix implementation.
Clatrix doesn't support sparse matrixes, but seems to use less memory on svd computation.
[SVD (hyper-link)] is a way to factorize a matrix.
for data, it could be an n by m matrix, for n datapoints, each of dimension m), you get U,S,V = SVD(M) where:M=USV^T, S is a diagonal matrix, and both U and V are orthogonal matrices (meaning the columns & rows are orthonormal; or equivalently UU^T=I & VV^T=I).
The entries of S are called the singular values of M. You can think of SVD as dimensionality reduction for matrices, since you can cut off the lower singular values (i.e.
I understand the general premis of dimensionality reduction as bringing data to a lower dimension - But
  a) how do SVD and PCA do this, and b) how do they differ in their approach
[What is the intuitive relationship between SVD and PCA?
[Relationship between SVD and PCA.
How to use SVD to perform PCA?
[How to use SVD for dimensionality reduction to reduce the number of columns (features) of the data matrix?
[How to use SVD for dimensionality reduction (in R) (hyper-link)]
Let me summarize the answer:
essentially, SVD can be used to compute PCA.
Essentially, by taking the data matrix, computing its SVD, and then squaring the singular values (and doing a little scaling), you end up getting the eigendecomposition of the covariance matrix of the data.
maybe if you can explain what the results of each technique is telling me, so for a) SVD - what are singular values b) PCA - "proportion of variance"
These eigenvectors (the singular vectors of the SVD, or the principal components of the PCA) form the axes of the news space into which one transforms the data.
The eigenvalues (closely related to the squares of the data matrix SVD singular values) hold the variance explained by each component.
For bonus, note that SVD can also be used to compute eigendecompositions, so it can also be used to compute PCA in a different way, namely by decomposing the covariance matrix directly.
I found the solution at [https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/134282/relationship-between-svd-and-pca-how-to-use-svd-to-perform-pca (hyper-link)] 
However, it has not answered in stackoverflow so that I can't close my question.
Maybe you put all ratings from one user into the probe set and so the user features were not updated by Simon Funk's SVD.
from just writing your own simple 8x8 SVD inline in the Halide algorithm.
which has matrices and SVD algorithms.
I know it has SVD, but I can't vouch for the efficiency or current status of the package.
[Colt (hyper-link)] is another Java maths library with matrices and SVD.
Adrian Kuhn and David Erni recently released [SVDLIBJ (hyper-link)], which is a pure Java port of SVDLIBC.
If you're looking to do a thin SVD (where you only need a few of the most singular values or vectors), this is probably best bet.
JAMA, COLT and the Apache Commons Math packages all perform the full SVD.
If you're wanting to use the SVD as a stand-alone program, the S-Space Package also has a command-line tool for using SVDLIBJ just like SVDLIBC, with supports for more matrix formats as well.
So you can start by transposing your matrix for svd():
Now you can repeat the svd.
I imagine the working memory for calculating the SVD is at least this again.
Yes it is possible in matlab, using svds (with a s at the end):
You probably already considered that, but if A is normal, the SVD can be computed by eigenvalue decomposition.
It also looks like SVD in general must be reducible to solving cubics for a matrix of rank 3, but I cannot remember reading anything on that.
A quick google-around turned [this piece of code (hyper-link)] that claims to solve the rank 3 SVD in this manner.
The SVD confirms that fact also.
We know that the eigenvalues must be the squares of the singular values here, so a good test here is to see if we recovered the singlular values that svd found.
We can convince ourselves that it is one by the following call to svd.
As you can see, even though I did a lot of mathematics, calling svd, QR, rank, etc., all multiple times, in the end, the actual computation was relatively trivial.
If your goal is to kill off the last singular value of a 3x3 matrix, the svd on a 3x3 seems like it would be pretty efficient to do.
For example, compare here the smallest singular value computed by svd, then by using the eigenvalues.
Is this any simpler or less computationally efficient than a simple call to the svd, followed by a rank one update?
A 3x3 svd really is extremely fast to compute.
SVD recommender "factorizes" initial user-to-item relationship into intermediate set of "features".
SVD recommender highly depends on "quality" of factorization and typical implementations have some control parameters that should be adopted for concrete dataset.
They all have an SVD implementation.
You can use the Numerical recipies code for that
[svdcmp.c reference (hyper-link)].
If you can't find a stand-alone implementation, you might try the [eigen library (hyper-link)] which does SVD .
[GSL (hyper-link)] is great for SVD.
Try [redsvd (hyper-link)] (BSD license).
It implements clean and very efficient, [modern algorithms for SVD (hyper-link)], including partial (truncated) SVD.
Redsvd is built on top of the beautiful C++ templating library, [eigen3 (hyper-link)].
The SVD decomposition always exists and is unique, up to flipping signs of the corresponding U/V vectors.
It has a SVD implementation that is built upon LAPACK and BLAS.
A standalone, templated implementation of SVD is available in the PVFMM library (See file: include/mat_utils.txx).
It is Algorithm1 in: [http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/inderjit/public_papers/HLA_SVD.pdf (hyper-link)]
(Computation of the Singular Value Decomposition, Alan Kaylor Cline, Inderjit S. Dhillon)
I implemented it for computing SVD in quadruple precision.
The function svd uses the interface for dgesvd in LAPACK, with JOBU='S' and JOBVT='S',
with the exception that the singular values are not sorted.
DECOMP_SVD:0.0583525
SVD is a fine approach (probably).
I don't think there's a built-in way to update an existing SVD within Matlab.
I google'd for "SVD update" and found [this paper (hyper-link)] among the many results.
I can't determine if you're actually implementing the SVD right as you haven't attached any code so this feedback I can't provide to you, but from the sounds of your question it seems that it's fine.
Consider as example the Golub-Reinsch SVD-algorithm:
Now you want to calculate Uand S which will add 12n^3 for your SVD-algorithm.
So only SVD: 4mn^2+8n^3
SVD with QR: (12+2/3)n^3+n^2+1/3n-2
However most SVD-algorithms should inculde some (R-) bidiagonalizations which will reduce the work to: 2mn^2+11n^3
You can also apply QR, the R-bifactorization and then SVD to make it even faster but it all depends on your matrix dimensions.
Matlab uses for SVD the Lapack libraries.
I'm not too familiar with ILNumerics, so I'll try explaining what the SVD in general is able to in your case.
First of all, [Wikipedia (hyper-link)] gives some basic information of possible applications of SVD.
Edit: In your example data, your original matrix A has been decomposed as A = outU svdOut outV.
The diagonal matrix svdOut constists of the eigenvalues singular values of A whereas the columns/rows of outU and outV are the left- and right-singular vectors of A, respectively.
So, you can define a matrix B = outU svdOut* outV where the asterisk indicates that the least significant singular values have been removed.
However, after thinking about it again, I think that an SVD of your adjacency matrix will not directly give you what you're looking for.
Edit2 (in response to the comments below): The SVD doesn't give you direct information about your nodes, but about your matrix.
Coming back to your original question, I would suppose that a simple SVD is not really what you're looking for.
TL;DR: numpy's SVD computes X = PDQ, so the Q is already transposed.
SVD decomposes the matrix X effectively into rotations P and Q and the diagonal matrix D.  The version of linalg.svd() I have returns forward rotations for P and Q.
From the scipy.linalg.svd docstring, where (M,N) is the shape of the input matrix, and K is the lesser of the two:
I think there are still some important points for those who use SVD in Python/linalg library.
Firstly, [https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/generated/numpy.linalg.svd.html (hyper-link)] is a good reference for SVD computation function.
Taking SVD computation as A= U D (V^T), 
For U, D, V = np.linalg.svd(A), this function returns  V in V^T form already.
or you may use 'full_matrices=False' option in the SVD function;
You need to create the instance of a SVD class, like you did in the first example.
If you don't create an instance of a class SVD then the self argument is missing and you need to pass it on your own.
And a second thing, note that the declarations of the fit() methods for SVD, KNNBasic, KNNWithMeans, NormalPredictor classes may differ.
run the SVD with [Apache Commons Math (hyper-link)] on your matrix
What you obtain is the truncated SVD of your original matrix.
SVD is a dimensionality reduction tool, which means it reduces the order (number) of your features to a more representative set.
[Here (hyper-link)] also gives an easy example of LSA via SVD.
JacobiSVD considers all non-zeros singular values for solving.
If you have a basic grasp of calculus and are able to invert a 3x3 matrix (or something nicer numerically - which I am guessing you do given you refer specifically to SVD in your question title) then this example will clarify what you need to do.
(Perhaps this should go in the org.ojalgo.data package rather than in the SVD directly.)
• Addendum:
The SVD aligns the vectors spaces of the domain and codomain.
LAPACK provides the linear algebra library operations (SVD, QR, LU, least-squares, inverse, etc) you mentioned.
With the top level [LAPACK (hyper-link)] linking to it, these linear algebra operations (SVD, QR, LU, least-squares, inverse, etc) can be implemented on Android with high performance.
If I understand correctly you are trying to compute the SVD of a matrix which is not square, and you have the library JAMA which only works on square matrices?
If I have understood you correctly then the answer to your question is obvious: Get a library which does compute SVD for non-square matrices.
Since you're doing LSI, you could use SVDLIBJ, which is the Java equivalent of SVDLIBC, which is one of the most scalable SVD implementations that is freely available.
The S-Space package has a [command-line tool for SVDLIBJ (hyper-link)] set up already.
But i am aware that [jblas (hyper-link)] performs svd in a effective manner.
You can get the U, S and V matrices of your SVD decomposition:
[https://github.com/piskvorky/gensim/wiki/Recipes-&-FAQ#wiki-q4-how-do-you-output-the-u-s-vt-matrices-of-lsi (hyper-link)]
From what I've read, once you decompose the term-document matrix with the SVD to create [U, S, V], you need to multiple the singular values, S, with the left factor matrix, V'.
I am not familiar with the package but I looked and the error comes from the function base::svd().
Using the SVD decomposition method the system can be over-defined and/or the matrix src1 can be singular.
If svds works with your dense A array, then continue to use it.
svds does all the adaptation that it needs.
A : {sparse matrix, LinearOperator}
          Array to compute the SVD on, of shape (M, N)
Look at the code for svds.
