Each of these appenders may define a threshold.
While going to production you can increase the threshold to ERROR and prevent the application from printing out not so useful details on the console or log files.
Threshold is second filter for messages to be logged
if Logger is set at level DEBUG and appender Threshold is set at Error then with the     appender TextProcessor only Error and higher severity messages would be logged.
Use of Threshold is ,you can define different appender with different threshold levels ,for e.g in above mentioned example you can also have InfoLogger with Info level messages logging enabled
Threshold is not a concept for a "generic classifier" - the most basic approaches are based on some tunable threshold, but most of the existing methods create complex rules for classification which cannot (or at least shouldn't) be seen as a thresholding.
So first - one cannot answer your question for scikit's classifier default threshold because there is no such thing.
Second - class weighting is not about threshold, is about classifier ability to deal with imbalanced classes, and it is something dependent on a particular classifier.
Setting this to 'auto' means using some default heuristic, but once again - it cannot be simply translated into some thresholding.
It's the only sensible threshold from a mathematical viewpoint, as others have explained.
The threshold in scikit learn is 0.5 for binary classification and whichever class has the greatest probability for multiclass classification.
In many problems a much better result may be obtained by adjusting the threshold.
If you do any adjustment of the threshold on your test data you are just overfitting the test data.
Most methods of adjusting the threshold is based on the [receiver operating characteristics (ROC) (hyper-link)] and [Youden's J statistic (hyper-link)] but it can also be done by other methods such as a search with a genetic algorithm.
The threshold can be set using clf.predict_proba()
Renews threshold: the renews that Eureka server expects received from Eureka instance per minute.
Two Eureka instance will send 4 renews to Eureka server per minutes, Eureka server minimal threshold is 1 (written in code), so the threshold is 5 (this number will be multiply a factor eureka.server.renewalPercentThreshold which will be discussed later).
SELF PRESERVATION MODE: if Renews (last min) is less than Renews threshold, self preservation mode will be activated.
So in upper example, the SELF PRESERVATION MODE is activated, because threshold is 5, but Eureka server can only receive 4 renews/min.
The minimal threshold 1 is written in the code.
registerWithEureka is set to false so there will be no Eureka instance registers, the threshold will be 1.
So the threshold will be 2, and Eureka server will renew lease to itself twice/minute, so RENEWALS ARE LESSER THAN THRESHOLD won't be a problem.
eureka.instance.leaseRenewalIntervalInSeconds defines how many renews sent to server per minute, but it will multiply a factor eureka.server.renewalPercentThreshold mentioned above, the default value is 0.85.
Yes, it's normal, because the threshold initial value is set to 1.
So if registerWithEureka is set to false, renews is always below threshold.
If you just want to deploy in demo/dev environment, you can set eureka.server.renewalPercentThreshold to 0.49, so when you start up a Eureka server alone, threshold will be 0.
You can try to set renewal threshold limit in your eureka server properties.
Following line makes otsu thresholding operation:
0 means threshold level which actually is omitted because we used CV_THRESH_OTSU flag,
255 is a value that is going to be assigned to respectively pixels in the result (namely, to all pixels which value in the source is greater then computed threshold level)
CV_THRESH_BINARY | CV_THRESH_OTSU is a required flag to perform Otsu thresholding.
Because in fact we would like to perform binary thresholding, so we use CV_THRESH_BINARY (you can use any of 5 flags opencv provides) combined with CV_THRESH_OTSU
Link to documentation: [http://docs.opencv.org/modules/imgproc/doc/miscellaneous_transformations.html#threshold (hyper-link)]
Your image is bi-level, it only has values of 0 and 255, so 0 is a threshold that will split the image into two values correctly when you do the next step:
Assuming that you are working with a two-class classification problem you could override the predict method of LGBMClassifier object with your thresholding approach as shown below:
To answer your question about how threshold interacts with category, basically think of it is as a publish/subscribe.
The category sets what is published by the logger, the threshold sets the subscription level of the appender.
I think the best and most general way to do this is to use a threshold based on the kernel bandwidth, as suggested in the comments.
For the findExistingClusterWithinThresholdOfPoint function I usually use the minimum distance of p to each currently defined cluster.
You should avoid using numeric literals to call the method of OpenCV instead use the constant variable defined in the opencv namespace, However it won't create any difference in output, but it makes the code more readable, So deciphered set of inputs to the cv::threshold() method are:
According to this table you are using thresholdType == THRESH_TOZERO
Or if you want to calculate specific threshold, may you show your expected result?
Use as follows to change the threshold,
Normal Thresholding is like our college placements, where they put a cgpa cutoff for shortlisting.
Adaptive Thresholding is like segregating students on discipline and then deciding the cutoff.
If the employer wants best of all, then Normal Thresholding is good.
But if he wants the best from each discipline, Adaptive Thresholding is better.
In normal threshold, you choose an intensity value and pass it to the function.
In Adaptive threshold, you select a small region around the pixel for threshold.
The size of neighborhood is the region around the pixel within which the threshold is calculated.
If you have an image and want to get the shiny parts of the image, go for normal threshold.
If your image has partial lighting differences and you want to highlight the apparent objects distinctive from their surroundings, choose adaptive threshold.
Now if you have boundaries with a shadow and you don't want that shadow to sneak in to your threshold, Gaussian adaptive method in particular would be a better try i'd say.
In the case you have posted, we have that E[normrnd(2,1,1,1)] = 2, and since threshold = 100 you start by generating 50 numbers and summing them.
Otsu try to find an optimal threshold, you can also try to set it manually but Otsu is useful because if the illumination change, the threshold will adapt automatically.
Have you tried an [adaptive threshold (hyper-link)]?
A single value of threshold rarely works in real life application.
Another truism - threshold is a non-linear operation and hence non-stable.
Gradient is also more reliable during illumination changes or shadows than thresholding.
If the image has more content than just the text, a global thresholding method (such as Otsu) will fail.
Keep your adaptive threshold but add a small positive or negative constant to the threshold(s).
There is no AUTOMATIC WAY to get "Optimal Threshold".
But you can try to use [Adaptive Threshold (hyper-link)] and I think [CLAHE (hyper-link)] maybe helpful in thresholding issues.
where T(x,y) is a threshold calculated individually for each pixel.
For the method ADAPTIVE_THRESH_MEAN_C , the threshold value T(x,y) is a mean of the blockSize x blockSize neighborhood of (x, y) minus C .
For the method ADAPTIVE_THRESH_GAUSSIAN_C , the threshold value T(x, y) is a weighted sum (cross-correlation with a Gaussian window) of the blockSize x blockSize neighborhood of (x, y) minus C .
In Your case, you must have to verify the threshold, anyway it would take time.
If you have an fpr threshold you want to hit, you can subset this data.frame to find maximum tpr below this fpr threshold:
See also OptimalCutpoints package which provides many algorithms to find an optimal thresholds.
Package pROC includes function coords for calculating best threshold:
A pretty good solution is to use morphological closing to make the brightness uniform and then use a regular (non-adaptive) Otsu threshold:
Using cv for this might be overkill; you can probably take the image and use numpy-style indexing in order to set your thresholds:
Assuming a list of thresholds T of length k-1 (ex.
We should stop looking if we find a sum equal to threshold.
if threshold = 8, we would skip the processing of the 7 value, since we already found a sum equal to threshold, i.e.
if threshold = 10, when we process 7 we look for 3 for potential short-circuit, then only need to consider previous sums in range 1-2, so we can call subSet(1, 3) to get those.
Whether values can exceed threshold doesn't matter much, since that's easy to guard against.
With the above logic we wouldn't add sums that exceed threshold.
if threshold = 6, the above set would contain [1, 3, 4, 5], when we are done.
bias and threshold in MLP are the same concepts, simply - two different names for the same thing.
So the thresholds were about the rawPredictions and not the probabilities, everything makes sense now
So, threshold means in the accumulator how many votes needed to consider this (rho, theta) as a line, this is the easy one.
So we can't consider the voting threshold to be equal to the lineLength because not all binary points are taken into the calculation.
Apply the morphological opening in your original thresholded image (the one which is noisy at the right of the first picture).
As far as threshold is concerned, you can use CV_OTSU flag in the cv::threshold to determine an optimal value for a global threshold.
Local thresholding might still be better, but should work better with the bilateral or median filter
I've tried thresholding each 3x3 box separately, using Otsu's algorithm (CV_OTSU - thanks remi!)
to determine an optimal threshold value for each box.
This works a bit better than thresholding the entire image, and is probably a bit more robust.
I manually picked the seed point for region growing and manually picked the best threshold.
But I don't think you would have trouble to detect whether a cell is empty or not (the global threshold already solves it).
The weird "halo effect" that you're seeing is likely due to OpenCV assuming black for the color when the adaptive threshold is at/near the edge of the image and the window that it's using "hangs over" the edge into non-image territory.
Now when you perform the adaptive threshold the data at/near the edges will be much closer to accurate.
Otsu Threshold:
[http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/b2bd54da-46c2-cb64-3577-0962d8f56554.htm (hyper-link)]
Iterative Threshold:
[http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/e01406a7-511d-ae4d-79b6-5f7eba523824.htm (hyper-link)]
SIS Threshold:
[http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/39e861e0-e4bb-7e09-c067-6cbda5d646f3.htm (hyper-link)]
H2O is using max F1 threshold for both h2o.performance() and h2o.predict().
The difference is what dataset it will use to estimate the max F1 threshold.
h2o.predict() will use the threshold it selected during training.
It uses different max F1 thresholds depending on how the model was trained.
If you only have training data - the max F1 threshold comes from the train data model.
If there is validation data during training - the max F1 threshold comes from the validation data model.
Depending on if you had validation data during training, you will see the max F1 threshold to be determined by your training or validation dataset.
h2o.performance() will take the model and newdata and calculate what threshold will give the highest F1 for the new data.
In your case, test is being used to calculate max F1 threshold.
Then the intermediate threshold values make no difference.
You need to clear the model threshold before you make predictions.
Clearing threshold makes your predictions return a score and not the classified label.
If not you will only have two thresholds, i.e.
If you still only have two thresholds of 0 and 1, then check to make sure the way you have defined your predictionAndLabels.
Calculate mean, sd of your data
plot the threshold as a line (not necessary)
Normalize your plot and using z values for the threshold, calculate the probability of values above this threshold
I have not found good documentation which has "finite list" of operations that triggers the threshold limit.
But I would consider increasing threshold limits via Central Administration because if your have list/document library exceeding the threshold, unusual things starts occuring.
If you want the 1000 threshold to be a parameter, I let you choose how to pass paremeters to awk.
Cancellation threshold
If you decide to cancel your account and your account balance is greater than the cancellation threshold, you'll receive your final payment within approximately 90 days of the end of the month, provided that you've completed the necessary steps to get paid.
The table below lists the different thresholds for each [reporting currency (hyper-link)].
I would simply specify the thresholds as rows so that it is easier to join.
If (VAULES ...) clause is unavailable you can simply use FROM (SELECT 5 AS threshold UNION ALL SELECT 10) thresholds.
With np.logical_and.reduce + shift, checking for consecutive rows that are below the threshold.
b = a[a>threshold] this should do
I am responsible for that threshold.
This worked for me, sets renewal threshold to 60% of renewals
In an ImageJ macro, use the getThreshold(lower,upper) and setThreshold(lower,upper) methods ([here (hyper-link)]'s the documentation).
The adaptive threshold approach you are taking is alright but as a next step you should do some morphological operations : erosion, dilation, opening, closing.
Try dilating the image after adaptiveThreshold.
In case of 2 classes, the threshold is 0.5: if P(Y=0) > 0.5 then obviously P(Y=0) > P(Y=1).
Introducing special thresholds only affects in the proportion of false positives/false negatives (and thus in precision/recall tradeoff), but it is not the parameter of the LR model.
Then use a range of values for thresholds to analyze the effects on the prediction;
Yes, Sci-Kit learn is using a threshold of P>=0.5 for binary classifications.
As another option, one can graphically view precision vs. recall at various thresholds using the following code.
Usually finding highest values are done by a parameter threshold.
Try changing the threshold values, you will find significant change in the line detection.
When voorraad drops below threshold:
a) check value of email_sent
b) if(email_sent == 0) { send email } and update value of email_sent to 1
When voorraad rises above threshold update value of email_sent to 0
Step three (3) resets and is ready to send an email once more when voorraad drops below the threshold again
The threshold parameter is for future selection:
threshold : float, optional:
Features with a training-set variance lower than this threshold will be removed.
These are removed with the default setting for threshold:
try to change this threshold in this example and see what happens
Obviously, lower variance distributions are not very useful, so you usually choose a threshold to drop such distributions.
(Or you could set an appropriate threshold)
Result 2 (threshold):
Given your threshold k, you can simply use a binary operation to compute your thresholded image.
Simply put, if I is your image, the thresholded image can be computed like so:
You can also use outThreshold = im2bw(I,k); that will do the same operation (thanks @Daniel!).
MATLAB has a built-in threshold finding algorithm using Otsu by graythresh.
Locations that are white denote those pixels that surpass the threshold while locations that are black are those that didn't.
From your comments (you really should have just updated your post), you wish to seek a method that performs multi-thresholding.
Supposing you had an array of thresholds like so:
The code performs multi-thresholding, as well as displaying the original image with its histogram as well as the thresholded image with its histogram.
As such, each class gets assigned a value that is a multiple of (256 / numThresholds).
im2bw(I,p) Converts the image I to a black and white image using the threshold p
We compare it with thresh which gives TRUE for every time we have value greater than the threshold
As @Frank notes below, if min is fed a vector of length 0, it returns Inf, which means infinity in R. I increment these positions thresholdObs + 1 and the take the intersection of these two sets.
The only positions that are returned are those where the previous position passes the threshold test.
will return all positions where there are at least two consecutive elements that pass the threshold.
However, there will be multiple positions returned for consecutive values passing the threshold that are greater than 2.
the problem with the code I posted in my question looks like to be related with the threshold value I was trying to use (230 on 255).
So instead I would use a N logN algorithm to find the thresholds.
Iterate with the first threshold through the sorted array and binary search the best position for the second one, using the accuracy as the guiding metric.
If you can afford a N^2 just try all the threshold values and use the precomputed arrays to speed up the evaluation.
You can use tuneThreshold() directly:
Unfortunately, you can't access the threshold values that were tested when using tuneThreshold().
You could however treat the threshold value as a "normal" hyperparameter and use any of the tuning methods in mlr.
The back-end server is marked down after the consecutive probe failure count reaches the unhealthy threshold.
Lets say your threshold value is set to 3.
I was able to solve this by manually checking the pixels in the region which are below the threshold, as shown in the following code:
Appender will log messages, whose level is equal or above the specified threshold.
Then apply Otsu threshold to each of the channels, and merge those channels.
If a single threshold is not enough to separate all images, you could try the [Watershed algorithm (hyper-link)] with two thresholds.
Use a high threshold to get an image with segments that are definitely part of a digit, and a high inverse threshold to get an image with segments that are definitely not part of a digit.
You might be interested in [these (hyper-link)] adaptive thresholds used by openCV.
I used the adaptive mean threshold.
Here's a solution where we round away from zero if the number has passed a threshold
The threshold must be in the range [0,1).
OpenCV computes the threshold for OTSU automatically, so you rarely (if ever) need to know what the threshold value is.
You can however retrieve it as the return value of the threshold function:
My understanding is that threshold changes the BitmapData when it meets the correct conditions.
Have you tried creating another instance of actualFrame instead of running threshold on the same one twice?
Use the smallest possible threshold that will satisfy the client.
Which would be your limiting factor on the view threshold
Opencv threshold Documentation:
You can't threshold a color image.
The simplest thresholding methods replace each pixel in an image with a black pixel if the image intensity is less than some fixed constant T, or a white pixel if the image intensity is greater than that constant.
Hence, for doing thresholding it is recommended to use gray scale images.
In opencv, cv2.threshold takes two arguments, First argument is the
source image, which should be a grayscale image.
Second argument is the threshold value which is used to classify
the pixel values.
But in [Wikipedia (hyper-link)], there is a reference that we can threshold color images by designating a separate threshold for each of the RGB components of the image and then combine them with an AND operation.
basically, you can input any 2d numpy array into the threshold function as long as its 8-bit or 32-bit float.
If you can define your threshold value beforehand you can use the height argument.
The Otsu threshold function provides a threshold value that cuts the foreground image from the background.
Use that threshold value in order to create a binary mask by iterating through the entire input image, checking if the current pixel value is greater than the threshold, and setting it to 1 if true or 0 if it is false.
You can calculate the average for the threshold at each element in your original array:
If you had billions, you could do a binary search or something as the threshold sum should be monotonic.
This is the best solution if your array values are floating values between 0 and 1 and your threshold is 0.5.
Use Appcompact activity with v7 Searchview and set threshold as follows,
if the limits dont differ in a single vector and the 0 and 1 values are nearly equal in probability, why dont you simply use the mean of the vector as a threshold?
I suggest you specify the percentage of values that will become 1, and use the corresponding percentile value as the threshold (computed with [prctile (hyper-link)] function from the Statistics Toolbox):
This approach makes the threshold automatically adapt to your values.
Since your data are unbounded, using percentiles may be better than using averages, because with the average a single large value can deviate your threshold more than desired.
2 - Then for each threshold calculate the output.
If y_prob > threshold = 1 else 0
The optimal threshold is the one that allows as many threads to run in parallel as there are cores in your system.
If your system has cores cores, the threshold should be test should be initialized with
Since you are sorting an array of 108 elements, the optimal threshold is indeed somewhere between 107 and 108, unless you have more than 10 cores.
I think that you can use stacked bars instead of bar plot with threshold.
Live data from Eden is copied to the 'to' space as well as any objects that are still live and have not reached the new threshold in the 'from' space.
Objects in the survivor space that have reached the new (often called tenuring) threshold are promoted to the old generation.
The parameter that affects this is the MaxTenuringThreshold, which is a maximum, not a definite value.
It draws a threshold choice plot, i.e.
it estimates the scale and shape parameters for different values of the threshold.
You can then use these plots to obtain a good threshold: a good threshold is characterized by stable estimates with low variance.
The first function plots a threshold choice plot with respect to the scale parameter, the second one with respect to the shape parameter.
After setting each index of d, see if it exceeds your threshold.
This is Regarding ur answer this: [Damerau - Levenshtein Distance, adding a threshold (hyper-link)]
(sorry can't comment as I don't have 50 rep yet)
Your mask and thresholds are not correct.
Using JMeter [AutoStop Plugin (hyper-link)] stop the test if average response time exceeds threshold.
This [answer (hyper-link)] shows how to use the BitmapData.threshold method to replace colors.
And you can check the threshold value as below
isIntersecting doesn't depend on thresholds.
If an observed element is partially on screen but has not met the
  threshold defined in the options I would expect the call back not to
  fire, but it does.
Generally, callback is called when condition intersectionRatio >= your_threshold is changed.
Also pay attention that 0.8 is just your desired threshold, but observer.thresholds[0] is actual.
In general, an instance would be classified as A, if P(A) > 0.5 (your threshold value).
Now, as you change your 0.5 threshold, you get a different result (different pair).
ROC-curves and Precision-Recall curves visualize all these possible thresholds of your classifier.
Use as threshold the pixel value in which this cumulative
reaches half of the total pixels of the image.
Instead of using mean of min and max, you should use median of all points as threshold.
Actually, if you use log, then a multiplicative threshold turns into a constant threshold, e.g.
An alternative to make this faster could be using OpenGL to produce your thresholding (given that anyway you're going to draw the Bitmap on the screen, right?).
This needs a bunch of extra code, fortunately [this tutorial (hyper-link)] does exactly what you want to do, minus the thresholding part.
For the thresholding, an OpenGL program needs to be compiled (on GlRenderer::onSurfaceChanged) and used every time (on GlRenderer::onDrawFrame).
The program gets two shaders that will threshold every pixel at the speed of light!
Once you have it installed you can use it for quick thresholding among many other commonly used operations on images.
The following code fragment will convert your colour bitamp into a gray image and threshold at gray level 128.
When you threshold the image, you effectively choose a saturation value below which all image data is discarded.
So, for example, if you wanted to threshold the image at 50%, all RGB pixel values that are greater than 50% will be kept.
The threshold function in this case would sum the Red, Green, and Blue colors and divide by 3.
Setting how much the image gets blurred and the level of thresholding will cause the image to look more or less connected.
The Threshold Color plugin internally converts your RGB image to the HSB color space, so you can't interactively use Analyze Particles because there is no single threshold value set.
separate by threshold (you can compare two series with the same length or with a scalar value - i assume you will to separate your second data set, comparing it to the scalar value (c_med column) from the first of your first  data set:
Opencv offer you some basic thresholding operations, We can effectuate 5 types of Thresholding operations:
Threshold Binary:
Threshold Binary, Inverted:
Threshold to Zero:
Threshold to Zero, Inverted:
change Threshold() to threshold.
threshold is a local variable defined in inputStudent(), you can't access it in main()  .Also return  Threshold();, there is no Threshold() method defined in the code you've provided
on-lower-threshold="loadMoreData"
If you directly convert this color image to gray and threshold it, then you will get this.
It's not suitable for threshold the two A:
Clearly, threshold the B channel will work.
No thresholding required.
I assume you want to do the following comparison:
x(n) >= threshold
In Simulink there is a block called "weighted sample time" that you can use to know the sample time.
The precisionByThreshold() method is actually trying different thresholds and giving the corresponding precision values.
Since you already thresholded your data, you only have 0s and 1s.
Let's say you have:
[0 0 0 1 1 1] after thresholding and the real labels are 
[f f f f t t].
Then thresholding with 0 you have [t t t t t t] which gives you 4 false positive and 2 true positive hence a precision of 2 / (2 + 4) = 1/3
Now thresholding with 1 you have [f f f t t t] which and gives you 1 false positive and 2 true positive hence a precision of 2 /(2 + 1) = 2/3
You can see that using a threshold of .5 now would give you [f f f t t t], the same as thresholding with 1, so it is the precision for threshold 1 that you are looking for.
This is a bit confusing because you already thresholded your predictions.
If you do not threshold your predictions, and let's say you had [.3 .4 .4 .6 .8 .9] (to stay consistent with the [0 0 0 1 1 1] I have been using).
Then precisionByThreshold() would give you precisions values for threshold 0, .3, .4, .6 .8 .9, because these are all the threshold giving different results and thus different precisions, and to get the value for threshold .5 you would still take the value for next larger threshold (.6) because again, it would give the same predictions hence the same precision.
A common criterion for calling a detection (or a match when doing facial recognition) is to calculate some numerical measure and call a detection when the measured value exceeds some other chosen value - the threshold.
Every threshold is associated with four conditional probabilities:  probability of detection or true positive (calling a match when there is something present to match), probability of false alarm (calling a match when there is nothing present to match), probability of false negative (not calling something present when something is present), and true negative (not calling something present when nothing is present).
Change the threshold, and all the probabilities change (in a way determined by the distributions).
Usually thresholds are specified in terms of an associated probability of detection and a probability of false alarm (with those two bits of information, and some model specifying the distributions, it is possible to derive the other probabilities).
For example, a threshold may be chosen to give a probability of detection of 90% (i.e.
On the other hand, if we're willing to accept missing half of all detections for the same false alarm rate, we would use a lower threshold.
Here we apply our function to each of the different columns using a different threshold for each column.
std is your standard deviations cv::Mat, in is the cv::Mat you want to threshold and thresh is the factor for your standard deviations.
Using these values the custom thresholding could be done like this:
This is a handy way to implement custom thresholding.
Thus either you save the function as imgThreshold.m and leave the rest for the script, or first call the script and place function f = imgThreshold(img, t) etc after the call to imshow
In terms of the threshold condition failing, the catch is the the condition and mainly the comparison value:if (img.pixels[imgP(i, j)] >= 128)
Your threshold value shouldn't be 128, but -8355712 (FF808080).
You can calculate minimum and maximum values for the Y axis for a given range including your threshold.
You can also try compiling and running the [opencv thresholding sample (hyper-link)].
the threshold is used in the case of binary classification or multilabel classification, in the case of multi class classification you use argmax, basically the class with the highest activation is your output class, all classes rarely equal each other, if the model is trained well there should be one dominant class
when a model outputs a prediction after softmax like this one: [0.39, 0.56, 0.05] does TF use 0.5 as the threshold so the class it predicts is class 1?
There is not any threshold involved here.
is there any way to specify a new threshold for example 0.7 and ensure TF says that a prediction is wrong if no class prediction is above that threshold?
Not in Tensorflow (or any other framework) itself, but this is always something that can be done in a post-processing stage during inference: irrespectively of what is actually returned by your classifier, it is always possible to add some extra logic such that whenever the max probability value is less that a threshold, your system (i.e.
In fact, we had implemented such a post-processing module in a toy project some years ago, which was an online service to classify dog races from images: when the max probability returned by the model was less than a threshold (which was the case, say, when the model was presented with an image of a cat instead of a dog), the system was programmed to respond with the question "Are you sure this is a dog"?, instead of being forced to make a prediction among the predefined dog races...
(0.5*sum(aplha)) is the threshold.
Initial value of the threshold is what is above.
You'll get the scores each of the samples attain, and depending on the current value of threshold, some of the positive samples will be classified as negative etc.
So, depending on the desired detection rate desired for this stage (strong classifier), reduce the threshold so that that many positive samples get correctly classified ,
and I want a detection rate of 80% => 80% of above 5 samples classified correctly => 4 of above => set threshold to 6.7
Clearly, by changing the threshold, the FP rate also changes, so update that, and if the desired FP rate for the stage not reached, go for another classifier at that stage.
As it is written in Section 5.2 (Creating the Cascade using AdaBoost), we can set the maximal threshold of the strong classifier to sum(alpha) and the minimal threshold to 0 and then find the optimal threshold using binary search (see Table 5.1 for pseudocode).
Indeed, as others have said you are unlikely to get good results just with a threshold on hue.
Instead, you may apply the threshold to the probability map to obtain a segmentation.
But remember that there are no guarantees that your segmentation will be correct without prior knowledge on object shape, either with GrabCut, thresholding or this approach.
Following the same reasoning, applying threshold to hue image doesn't work flawlessly.
You can use max() function (and there's min() if your threshold should cap the value)
The problem here is not the existence of a threshold.
So if you have problems with anomalies going undetected because they are under your threshold, then you must do either or both of the following:
Improve your selection of threshold value
(Not sure if you wanted inclusive thresholds.
Changing threshold is known as parameter tuning and is a common practice.
Parameter tuning, such as setting a threshold according to your data, is perfectly fine.
some parameters and then another dataset for the threshold), then split your training dataset again (now you have training-, validation-, and test-data).
Have a read of the different types of thresholding available to you in the [documentation (hyper-link)].
Starting with a 1D 'image' with a range of values (the black line) and threshold (the blue line):
Threshold Binary
Threshold Binary Inverted
Threshold to Zero
Threshold to Zero Inverted
The basic Thresholding is to check the pixels value (say from 0 to 255) to be above the Threshold value and to assign to the pixel a value of maximum value (high intensity: black)  this called Binary Thresholding.
In your case, when setting a value of 0 to the threshold, you actually filtering all your pixels since all of them (the low intensities and the higher intensities) have values above zero (0).
Maybe you would like to make a brighter picture - in this case use Inverted Binary Thresholding: in this case, you will get white picture when value is 0.
the result is normal:
if I do thresholding with 0 threshold, most of pixel will be set to 255.
I don't have the same way to compute the Otsu threshold.
If I was to make a wild guess, I would say Threshold['THRESHOLD'] is some kind of minutes or seconds a resource is to remain locked and Threshold['THRESHOLD_TYPE'] is different kinds of locks with different lock times.
A threshold in PHP means the same as it does in English: a limit beyond which something changes.
Classical sense, the threshold of your water tank is where the overflow tube is.
Computer-related: the threshold of your server room is about 30 degrees Celsius.
In your particular case, the code is simply adding or subtracting a threshold depending on its type and comparing it to the current date.
First try it with parameters to Canny function in the range of the low threshold to 0.66*[mean value] and the high threshold to 1.33*[mean value].
use the cvFindContours() or its C++ counterpart, whichever) one can estimate the foreground and background greylevels and reach a threshold.
Based on the Canny edge thresholds here's a very rough idea just sufficient to fine-tune the values.
The high_threshold controls how strong an edge must be before it is detected.
Basically, an edge must have gradient magnitude greater than high_threshold to be detected in the first place.
Now, the low_threshold deals with connecting nearby edges.
Try setting a very small low_threshold and see how things come about.
We use Bradleys algorithm for very similar problem (to segment letters from background, with uneven light and uneven background color), described here: [http://people.scs.carleton.ca:8008/~roth/iit-publications-iti/docs/gerh-50002.pdf (hyper-link)], C# code here: [http://code.google.com/p/aforge/source/browse/trunk/Sources/Imaging/Filters/Adaptive+Binarization/BradleyLocalThresholding.cs?r=1360 (hyper-link)].
Another option is adaptiveThreshold method in openCV, but we did not give it a try: [http://docs.opencv.org/modules/imgproc/doc/miscellaneous_transformations.html#adaptivethreshold (hyper-link)].
In the original viola-Jones paper here, section 3.1 Learning Discussion (para 4, to be precise) you will find out the procedure to find optimal threshold.
Optimal threshold for each feature is sample-weight dependent and therefore calculated in very iteration of adaboost.
The best weak classifier's threshold is saved as mentioned in the pseudo code.
Putting a threshold will separate this sequence in 2 parts.
T+ : total sum of positive sample weights
T- : total sum of negative sample weights
S+ : sum of positive sample weights below the threshold
S- : sum of negative sample weights below the threshold
Error for this particular threshold is -
e = MIN((S+) + (T-) - (S-), (S-) + (T+) - (S+))
You calculate this error for all N possible ways of separating the samples.
The minimum error will give you the range of threshold values.
I haven't understand this '' The minimum error will give you the range of threshold values. ''
2. if i find the threshold how i can detrmine the parity of the weak classifier using min error
What usually works for me is highThreshold = 255 and lowThreshold  = 255/3
Here is some code that uses trackbars in opencv, and displays the canny image next to the original, in order to quickly experiment with different threshold values.
There is no such a thing as a threshold for loss.
you can use metric function with the threshold parameter:
model.compile(..., metrics=[tf.keras.metrics.BinaryAccuracy(threshold=0.5)])
you can use sigmoid activation in the last layer and select after that threshold manually:
you are missing the else case, so you leave ArrTHRESHOLD[i] un-initialized.
ArrTHRESHOLD has automatic duration and no initializer, so all its elements are initially indeterminate.
You scan the input array, and copy those elements exceeding the threshold to the corresponding element of ArrTHRESHOLD, leaving the other elements indeterminate.
You then scan ArrTHRESHOLD, including the indeterminate elements, to attempt to identify the minimum.
You could consider keeping a separate count of the number of elements so far copied into ArrTHRESHOLD, and using that to fill an initial subset of the elements, without gaps.
Better, however, would be to do without ArrTHRESHOLD altogether: you don't need it, as you can do everything necessary in your pass through lista.seqchar.
Thresholding in modern versions of OpenNMS (14+) is evaluated inline and in memory as data is collected, so you must ensure that the threshold is evaluated against the exact metrics the node you are interested in contains.
So, first verify that you are getting good data from the new server and that it is, indeed, collecting metrics from the same MIB table that you seek to threshold against.
The predict method for a LogisticRegression estimator doesn't let you pass threshold as an argument, allowing you to use only 0.5 as threshold.
So, as you say, you would have to convert the probabilities into hard predictions yourself for a custom value of threshold.
Alternatively, pre-compute the absolute values and use them to compare against threshold and look for all matches against last axis to get the same mask -
Edited thanks to @Marcin : Create functions that returns the desired metrics with threshold_value as argument
if it's less than a threshold)...
Why use a relative threshold, instead of an absolute threshold?
What should "threshold" be for the first cluster?
For the first cluster, the mean is 1, and the threshold required is 1.
For the second cluster, the mean is 101, and using the same threshold of 1 means it includes 0 and 202.
So the green channel is always 255 and the red and blue channels are just the threshold values?
Look at this question that discusses this topic: [Why should Insertion Sort be used after threshold crossover in Merge Sort (hyper-link)]
basically, a threshold is just a number n such that if there are n elements unsorted left after running merge sort, we switch to insertion sort.
So no, there is no way to determine the threshold number unless you try out a bunch of different values and test the performance.
Once that's all set up, you can tweak the settings for the cyclomatic complexity rule using a Settings section like the following (assuming you're OK with all the thresholds being set to 20):
x[:-1] > threshold: check the current value
x[1:] < threshold: check the next value
public static double threshold(Mat src,
                                 Mat dst,
                                 double thresh,
                                 double maxval,
                                 int type)
thresh - Threshold value.
maxval - Maximum value to use with the THRESH_BINARY and THRESH_BINARY_INV thresholding types.
type -
  Thresholding type (see the details below).
how to define threshold value upon model training?
There is simply no threshold during model training; Random Forest is a probabilistic classifier, and it only outputs class probabilities.
0/1), which indeed require a threshold, are neither produced nor used in any stage of the model training - only during prediction, and even then only in the cases we indeed require a hard classification (not always the case).
Actually, the scikit-learn implementation of RF doesn't actually employ a threshold at all, even for hard class prediction; reading closely the [docs (hyper-link)] for the predict method:
Assuming that what you actually want to do is return 1 if p1 is greater from some threshold less than 0.5, you have to ditch predict, use predict_proba instead, and then manipulate these returned probabilities to get what you want.
here returning class 1, since p1 > threshold for a threshold of 0.11), here is what you have to do:
since, as shown above, for this sample we have p1 = 0.14733119 > threshold.
Hope this helps for everyone else looking at a simple way to change the threshold!
thresh is a two-element vector in which the first element is the low threshold, and the second element is the high threshold.
If you specify a scalar for thresh, this scalar value is used for the high threshold...
Try explicitly setting the lower threshold, rather than just the high threshold:
There's no cure with cv::threshold.
Try cv::adaptiveThreshold instead.
Just write a function to do your thresholding
threshold function is applied on one channel images ( like gray level images )
NOTE : 
the first and the second threshold function paramters are input image , output image so basically your thresholded image is inside frame_thres
The [getThreshold(lower, upper) (hyper-link)] function returns the lower and upper threshold levels in the provided variables.
There is no need to assign any value to a new variable, and as you observed, setThreshold does not have any return value.
Instead, you can use the value(s) returned from getThreshold and use them as parameters in the run method (in the correct way, by string concatenation, see [here (hyper-link)]):
You might have to use the lower instead of the upper threshold value, depending on whether you count bright or dark objects.
This is because normal thresholding returns two values while adaptive thresholding returns only a single value.
there's a couple of flaws in your usage of the [threshold (hyper-link)] function
it just returns the threshold value ( not what you expected )
if you want to threshold against a value of 70, that should be your 3rd arg, not the 4th (the 4th arg is the value, anything >thresh is set to
thresh_vals is a list (np array) of threshold values
Threshold and replace values via the following:
Just compare your matrix to the threshold array directly
returns a boolean [n,m] array, checking whether each column in x is greater than the respective threshold in t
Detecting if a value is over a threshold:
This creates a logical column vector with the same length as your matrix, with 'true' indicating elements that are bigger than your threshold.
Now extractVector is true for the samples you want (over threshold + 100 next to them).
Edit:
You can assign labels (integers) to each event of threshold violation, using:
With each number corresponding to a specific region of adjacent events of going over the threshold.
This right point of the segment is the needed threshold.
Here's the result (epsilon is 10 and the calculated threshold is 50):
If all your images are like this, or can be brought to this style, i think cv2.THRESHOLD_OTSU, ie otsu's tresholding algorithm is a good shot.
ret is the threshold value which is automatically calculated.
We just pass '0' as threshold value for this.
OpenCV calculated a threshold value of 122 for it, close to the value Abid found in his answer.
And produced the following, with a new threshold value of 178:
There are some helpful graphics on pywt webpage that help visualize what these thresholds are and what they do.
The threshold applies to the coefficients as opposed to your raw signal.
So for denoising, this will typically be the last couple of entries returned by pywt.wavedec that will need to be zeroed/thresholded.
I could initial guess is the 0.5*np.std of each coefficeint level you want to threshold.
You need to create the "threshold" as a single additional "siteType" series, one way to do it is by having a union with another data set that contains just the "threshold" as a site of its own.
You need to do an adaptive threshold between those values.
I assumed the first given value of var3 is the temporary threshold to compare the data to by group, so it's the NAvalue of the lagged variable.
Then I updated the change column with your other conditions: set var3 to 0, if it is below a certain threshold or if it's the first value.
You can "add" it by wrapping the LogisticRegression class in your own class, and adding a threshold attribute which you use inside a custom predict() method.
The default threshold is actually 0.
If you are looking at predict_proba(), then you are looking at logit() of the hyperplane distance with a threshold of 0.5.
By selecting the "optimal" threshold like this, you are utilizing information post-learning, which spoils your test set (i.e., your test or validation set no longer provides an unbiased estimate of out-of-sample error).
You may therefore be inducing additional over-fitting unless you choose the threshold inside a cross-validation loop on your training set only, then use it and the trained classifier with your test set.
Consider using class_weight if you have an unbalanced problem rather than manually setting the threshold.
By changing the THRESHOLD to 0.25, one can find that recall and precision scores are decreasing.
You can change the threshold, but it's at 0.5 so that the calculations are correct.
After balancing the result variable at 50% to 50% (using oversamplig) the 0.5 threshold went to the center of the chart.
So the threshold adjusts dY but cannot access state["Y"].
For future radius values, if a point did not pass from one of the previous steps, do not process it, there exist a point in a smaller radius (so in the current radius) which is larger than the threshold.
Call this function every time the threshold is modified, or when the widget (i.e.
You can also use the GUI to record a macro, Plugins->Macros->Record..., set the record mode to Java, and select the methods and threshold values you want.
The auto-threshold methods in the [Threshold dialog (hyper-link)] all are algorithms working on single channel (8-bit or 16-bit) images.
In the [Color Threshold (hyper-link)] dialog, they are applied exclusively to the Brightness channel of your 24-bit color image.
Unless you really make use of the other sliders in the Color Threshold dialog, you can just as well convert the image to 8-bit before applying the threshold.)
You may wish to pass a custom tolerance threshold to increase or decrease the default level of 0.4.
edit: As that doesn't seem to work, you could just round the equality down if it's within your own (arbitrary threshold):
If you don't need them to be exactly equal but just close, ignore the threshold and output the equality to determine your threshold for later use.
One problem with your attempt: You use the threshold (output) as a starting point of the summation.
Another: You check for bigger and equal than the threshold.
This has the advantage that (1) without providing a threshold the function would return an error.
And (2) you don't have to separate the threshold from the values list in the function definition.
summing is a control variable: It's value is False as long as the values in values are below the threshold.
Once the first value is above the threshold it's value is set to True.
If no value in values is above the threshold the function returns None, otherwise the required sum.
The first step filters those values from values that meet the requirement of being bigger than the threshold (using a list comprehension).
The next step checks if there are actually values that are bigger than the threshold.
[code snippet]
An important point that causes the thresholds array to be shorter than the y_score one (even though there are no duplicates in y_score) is the one that was pointed out within the link you referenced.
Basically, the index of the first occurrence of recall equal to 1 defines the length of the thresholds array (index 2 here, corresponding to length=3 and reason why the length of thresholds is 3).
From opencv [documentation (hyper-link)], cv2.adaptiveThreshold has only two thresholding types:
Thresholding type that must be either THRESH_BINARY or THRESH_BINARY_INV .
So for adaptive shareholding, if similar behavior of cv2.THRESH_TOZERO is desired, its possible to multiply original image and binary image resulted from thresholding.
As it turns out, my thresholds were too restrictive (I had added 2 additional variables that did not exist in my original implementation).
Satisfied count is the Number of requests for which response time is lower than "Toleration threshold"
Tolerating count is the Number of requests for which response time is higher than Toleration threshold but lower than "Frustration threshold"
The value 49 means thresholding your image with the threshold 49 would give you the best result based on the otsu method.
If I've understood your second question correctly the way to applying this 49 value for threshold is to iterate through the grayscale image pixel by pixel and assigning 0 to pixels having intensity above 49 and assigning 255 to those having intensity below 49 or vice versa.
qgraph does not seems to have the ability to cut below a threshold, so we have to manipulate the input data.
Replacing values above the threshold to 0 or NA should do it.
I've written some Python (sorry not c++) code that will allow for masked adaptive thresholding.
Thresholds, by comparing the image to the mean neighbourhood values, mean_conv
Adds the masked off (non-thresholded) part of the image back on.
According your advices, and after reading your link I wrote this little C++ function:
This is only 1.5 slower than adaptive threshold, but I can probably improve it.
These thresholds are set by Google: At the top of the Overview page, some metrics may be marked with a red error icon .
This will tell you not only if but also how many thresholds a has advanced across.
This will also handle negative numbers in the increment updating when VariableA is below the first threshold again.
this threshold should be 255, that is the concept of threshold.
You are not writing the threshold value to the image file but to a local variable c. To read and write to a numpy array, please read the official docs [here (hyper-link)].
And here's the same question already answered: [Android ACTION_MOVE Threshold (hyper-link)]
The code is in the repo under threshold.py file.
NB: this assumes that you don't want to carry over the "next 3 steps" into the following column in the case where the threshold is reached near the end of a column.
I don't know whether I understood corectelly:
put a variabke before the loop, let's say double Sumc2=Threshold.
You're using 'above', but the threshold plugin only supports 'below'.
So you just need to swap your series and threshold colors, and use 'below' instead.
Also note that in your options_red, you have a second threshold options outside of the series options.
The threshold plugin only looks for options within the series options, so that second one will get ignored.
[precision_recall_curve (hyper-link)] gives you the precision and recall values for binary classifiers at certain thresholds.
What I guess you want to do, is to choose this threshold (0.5 by default) in an ideal way to optimize f-score, recall or precision.
This example also computes the threshold you'd use to maximize f-score.
In the line above you have not defined a threshold, probably it takes zero then, thus delivering a black picture.
and then apply the optimized threshold th multiplied by some factor f (from my experience f should be between 1-3), you have to try out:
Matlab calculated the optimized threshold as a percentile of the distribution of intensity gradients (you can see the construction of edge() if you enter "edit edge", if I remember correctly)
the above parameter th is a vector consisting of the low and high threshold.
Matlab always uses low_threshold = 0.4* high_threshold
For your threshold matrix, use the following construct:
For a,b,c and d you can simplify to (and not require the other threshold matrix at all):
The real problem is that you're changing the values of matrix2 each time in the loop, So after the first loop all the values are 0 or 100 so different thresholds don't matter.
to get the KSS value for each threshold.
[Threshold Dithering Methods (hyper-link)]
Use centered rolling mean with an appropriate threshold.
The output can be obtained automatically depending on whether the first group is below the threshold or not.
It is just a coincidence that threshold=0.5 worked for this particular sample dataset with window=3.
In other cases, I'd suggest choosing an appropriate threshold to best include the values at the group boundary instead of sticking to a fixed threshold and perform manual look-around.
For completeness, I've added the threshold determination as well.
Let's say the threshold is 10 % of the the mean value, say threshold = 1.51.
Then im(im<threshold) = 0; im(im>=threshold)=1.
And so the rest is correct, the "best" threshold in this case is one of the corner of the curve.
In your case, changing the threshold is admissible and maybe even necessary.
The default threshold is at 50%, but from business point of view even 15% probability of non-repayment might be enough to reject such an application.
There are two convenient ways to threshold at arbitrary alpha instead of 50%:
Indeed, predict_proba and threshold it to alpha manually, or with a wrapper class (see the code below).
Use this if you want to try multiple thresholds without refitting the model.
It will output 3 confusion matrices for different thresholds:
Changing the garbage collection thresholds can be done using switches on the kubelet.
This can be used to restrict the drawing to alpha values under a given threshold.
Now clear the stencil buffer, set the alpha test to draw only when the alpha is over the given threshold, and repeat the above steps for the second half of the quad (the white bit).
The other is more general : neural networks are generally trained with gradient descent methods and threshold values can have no gradient - the loss function is not differentiable with respect to thresholds.
To make things more concrete, lets define cutoff operation C(x, t) which defines whether x is above or below threshold t
you can then see that the threshold t has twofold meaning: it controls when to cutoff (inside C) and it controls the value above cutoff (the trailing t).
Your solution ties the two together so that t1 == t2, but it is still the case that gradient descent will act as if there was no changing the threshold, only changing the above-the-threshold-value.
For this reason, in general your thresholding operation may not be learning the value you would hope it learns.
An idea, which might work but I have not tested, is to try to estimate the lighting variations and then remove that before thresholding (which is a better term than "binarization").
The problem is then moved from adaptive thresholding to finding a good lighting model.
Then create a difference image between the original and the blurred version, and threshold that.
Threshold the resulting image.
It looks like you're doing adaptive thresholding wrong.
Your images look as if you divided your image into small blocks, calculated a threshold for each block and applied that threshold to the whole block.
Usually, adaptive thresholding means finding a threshold for each pixel separately, with a separate window centered around the pixel.
You can then fit separate planes to the background and foreground pixels, threshold using the mean between these planes again and improve the segmentation iteratively.
close the image to remove the foreground pixels, then use [closed image+X] as threshold).
This basically means you can not use global thresholding at all, you need adaptive thresholding.
Try to apply a local adaptive threshold using this procedure:
threshold the difference image
The local adaptive threshold method selects an individual threshold for each pixel.
Created a second DMatch vector and just added the matches which had a distance below a distance-threshold chosen by me.
This way I can also choose the top N matches it the threshold is selected to bad.
The sum of the products of the weights and the inputs is calculated in each node, and if the value is above some threshold (typically 0) the neuron fires and takes the activated value (typically 1); otherwise it takes the deactivated value (typically -1).
Neurons with this kind of activation function are also called Artificial neurons or linear threshold units.
wjxj+bias=threshold
This means that if the input is higher than the threshold, or
wjxj+bias > threshold, it gets classified into one category, and if
wjxj+bias < threshold, it get classified into the other.
The bias and the threshold really serve the same purpose, to translate the line (see [Role of Bias in Neural Networks (hyper-link)]).
For example, if the bias was 0 and the threshold 0.5, this would be equivalent to a bias of -0.5 and a threshold of 0.
Actually, you'll just set threshold when you aren't using bias.
Otherwise, the threshold is 0.
Now imagine a neuron with 2 inputs X=[x1, x2], 2 weights W=[w1, w2] and threshold TH.
Notice that, this neuron just work if you set manually the threshold.
Now you still can draw a plane in your input space without set manually a threshold (i.e, threshold is always 0).
But, in case you set the threshold to another value, the weights will just adapt themselves to adjust equation, i.e., weights (INCLUDING BIAS) absorves the threshold effects.
[This (hyper-link)] function from scikit-image should work to derive the Otsu threshold for your array, as the image input is an ndarray.
Make it a stacked bar chart, like in [this example (hyper-link)], but divide your data up into the parts above your threshold and the parts below.
However, it's possible to exceed the threshold, including "wiggle room", which would result in account deactivation, even before we can notify you.
Yes the threshold for the Pro plan is more as compared to the Freemium plan.
For the Pro plan , it is 1 millon per month.Not only the threshold below are the key features for the Pro plan.
You can't currently add alerting thresholds for non-fatal errors in Crashlytics.
In your case, your image was a grayscale image, but since you declared it as a color image it considered the image to have three channels (RGB) and hence the subsequent adaptive threshold function did not execute.
Your threshold that you are referring to is 0.
Is it the same threshold (Heap Size) that varies from one device to another
I was unable to reproduce your graph as I do not have the data that you are using, but with what I was able to figure out, you should be able to get the threshold lines by doing the same thing that you did in the standalone plot.
My threshold value was a string data type - I changed it to numeric, and the above solution that worked in 2008 now works in 2005.
Opencv has an adaptive threshold function.
Choosing the right threshold for each image is a whole different question.
It allows to perform inference on the quantiles for a generalized Pareto distribution model and on the parameters of the Pareto exceedance distribution, with or without assuming the exceedance threshold is known.
score_threshold - (float) A value from 0.0 to 1.0.
When the model
  makes predictions for an image, it will only produce results that have
  at least this confidence score threshold.
Change the params variable to : params = {"score_threshold": "0.3"} will work.
One can surely says that "good" distance threshold would be around 64.
Maybe querying the value as Templating and call it on the threshold options?
For example with MySQL, having $THRESH_MIN_GRAPH_LOGINS as SELECT LEAST(1, MIN(value) - 5) AS __value FROM logins WHERE $__timeFilter(date), then on edit graph, write the variable name; or as proposed, being able to write this query inside of the threshold tab.
Moving the data by some bias is equivalent to having a threshold at the relu.
I filled a "threshold image" with these averages, and subtracted it from the original image.
There was a scaling factor somewhere, and other tuning stuff, but the point is, such an approach was way better than using a constant threshold.
If you are going to use a set of thresholds, you might be better of selecting yellow hues in the Hue Saturation Value [colorspace (hyper-link)].
Instead of thresholding, you might want to look into clustering.
If you want to use thresholding, you should probably use a [CIE color space (hyper-link)], since euclidian distances in that color space are closer to human perception.
I got the 0.64 threshold by looking at the image's histogram.
In this method we don't compare thresholds between each other.
Which threshold is better, you should decide yourself, depending on the business problem you are trying to solve.
There are many methods that can be used for finding threshold values for binarization of an image.
Refer to : [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thresholding_(image_processing (hyper-link)])
You can also use Otsu threshold, Kittler threshold and Adaptive binarization using these thresholds.
[Bradley local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Nick local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Wolf local threshold (hyper-link)]
[meanthresh local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Feng local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Niblack local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Sauvola local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
[Brensen local image thresholding (hyper-link)]
A quick and dirty estimate of a global threshold to a grayscale image img will be:
In short, you need to handle the iron-scroll-treshold's on-lower-threshold or on-upper-threshold event, where you call the iron-ajax's generateRequest() method.
The example based on one of my previous [answer (hyper-link)] on a question related to iron-list and iron-scroll-threshold.
use leveling, not just thresholding: Take the input and scale the intensities (gamma correct) with parameters that simply dull the mid tones, without removing the darks or the lights (your rgb threshold is too strong, for instance.
threshold the resulting image.
Your problem appears to be the variation in lighting over the scanned image which suggests that a locally adaptive thresholding method would give you better results.
This means that if an area of the image is generally darker (or lighter) the threshold will be adjusted for that area and (likely) give you fewer dark splotches or washed-out lines in the binarized image.
Running an adaptive threshold over the V channel in the HSV color space should produce brilliant results.
Best results would come with higher than 11x11 size window, don't forget to choose a negative value for the threshold.
Adaptive thresholding basically is:
Due to the noise and the illumination variation you may need an adaptive local thresholding, thanks to Beaker for his answer too.
Do the mean or the median local thresholding, I used 10 for the window size and 10 for the intercept constant and got this image (smaller values might also work):
[image]
Please refer to : [http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/rbf/HIPR2/adpthrsh.htm (hyper-link)] if you need more
information on this techniques.
To make sure the thresholding was working fine, I skeletonized it to see if there is a line break.
I used a structural element window size of 11 and a constant threshold of 0.1 (25.5 on for a 255 scale)
Which you can then easily threshold:
The threshold you can change for your logistic regression is going to be the probability one, you can try playing with "probabilityCol" in the parameters of the logistic regression example here:
Value 1 is the best threshold that was found during tuning in a CV scenario
when I call tuneThreshold(r$pred) again, the threshold and
  performance score do not change.
It will multiply every probability by a certain constant and thus will provide an automatic threshold on the output (with the LR you just need to predict the class not the probabilities)
Optimizing roc_auc_score(average = 'micro') according to a prediction threshold does not seem to make sense as AUCs are computed based on how predictions are ranked and therefore need predictions as float values in [0,1].
Once you find it, the s (1, 2, ..., N) is your optimal threshold for each classes.
When you called predict_proba() through the proxyModel object, it will calculate new probability automatically based on the threshold you specified:
[code snippet]
Define weighted_score_with_threshold() function, which takes the threshold as input and return weighted score:
[code snippet]
Use optimize algorithm differential_evolution() (better then fmin) to find the optimal threshold:
[code snippet]
If I understand correctly your "ReLU with threshold" is basically
You can easily implement it by adding a "Bias" layer which subtract threshold from the input just prior to a regular "ReLU" layer
You can do this slightly more elegantly by extending with a range that has a step of threshold:
Configure threshold values for polling results
If you're basing this on an unknown distribution of data, you can take the ratio between the elements that exceed your threshold and the total number of elements.
I think you need to convert to grayscale, apply the threshold, then convert to monochrome.
If your image background is black and your object of interest of any other shade, then you can try to guess a threshold from the histogram of your image (note though, that you may have to try hard to find a suitable percentage threshold that suits all your images).
So, in recent versions of Java, HashMap may not be resized based on threshold alone.
According to OpenCV doc for [cv::threshold (hyper-link)]:
For cv::adaptiveThreshold, type must be CV_8UC1.
The threshold is determined as follows:
We need to find a probability threshold such that the number of samples above that threshold agrees with the number of samples requested in sampling_strategy.
So the threshold corresponds to select the N most certain samples to belong to class C as seen per the estimator.
Changing the value of thresh variable will change the threshold percentage
I searched online for a screenshot of the same game and the threshold works okay.
This, however should not alter the way you detect the letters any more than simply adjusting your threshold values.
Then raise the 75 value or lower the 255 value to narrow the threshold.
A default flat view won't be restricted by threshold
you can use WEKA to optimize the threshold.
The optimal threshold will be reached, when the accuracy of the model is the highest.
I copied this code from somewhere to get the optimal threshold.
The root level sets a global floor; the threshold applies to a specific appender.
So yes, the threshold needs to be greater than the root level to be meaningful.
It would be fairly easy to implement a drag threshold.
On mouse down, save the location of the cursor and call DoDragDrop, then in the drag event, check the distance between the mouse's current location and the saved location, and only move the element if the distance is greater than the threshold.
Find runs under threshold
I never used wand but this is how to do the thresholding.
Basically if you want to threshold an image, you need to turn it into a binary image (black and white).
I checked wand documentation and correct me if I'm wrong, it seems there's is no built in way to do the thresholding.
Now filter array by keeping all value < or <= threshold.
using the algorithm described at "[Accurately computing running variance (hyper-link)]" ) and use both of them for the definition of your threshold.
If your data are assumed to be Gaussian, you know that 97.5% of your data should be below mu + 2*sigma, so that can be a good threshold.
Remark: you might want to recompute your threshold once you have rejected the extreme values since these values can have a significant impact on the mean and the standard deviation.
I just computed the thresholds using the method I proposed and it does not look satisfactory for you: for the first case, threshold is around 130 (so maybe taking 1.5 sigma could help getting rid of the largest entries), for the second case, threshold is around 8 and for the third case, threshold is around 262.
What are your criteria for a "good" threshold?
I would think that the threshold would depend upon the average darkness (or distribution of colors) upon each image independently.
In fact, any absolute threshold will mess up one kind of images or another.
A better method would be to make a histogram of luminosities and choose a threshold near the mode.
This should work better on most images than any absolute threshold.
Threshold-based halftoning usually results in a lot of information loss.
I would look into an adaptive thresholding algorithm.
What is the meaning of the setKeywordThreshold() method if you have already set the threshold for every keyword?
Another question : What is the rage of the threshold ?
Its the same algorithm as in the gimp_histogram_get_threshold function in gimphistogram.c
Here is the documentation of the [cv2.adaptiveThreshold() (hyper-link)] method, accessible by calling the built-in [help() (hyper-link)] method:
adaptiveThreshold is the right choice here.
You should ask for the threshold before the other inputs, and then add a condition in you file writing loop:
Here is the breakdown of top SQL Server memory pressure counters followed by the threshold guidelines:
Page Life Expectancy - you can calculate the threshold based on this formula MAXBP(MB)/1024/4*300, where MAXBP represents the maximum amount of Buffer Pool memory
However, I am annoyed that predict chooses a threshold corresponding to 0.4% of true positives (false positives are zero).
The ROC curve shows a threshold I like better for my problem where the true positives are approximately 20% (false positive around 4%).
Here are the specifics of how the prediction threshold is selected when a user runs h2o.predict() or .predict():
1) if you train a model with only training data - the Max F1 threshold from the train data model metrics is used.
2) if you train a model with train and validation data - the Max F1 threshold from the validation data model metrics is used.
3) if you train a model with train data and set the nfold parameter - the Max F1 threshold from the train data model metrics is used.
4) if you train a model with the train data, validation data and set the nfold parameter -  the Max F1 threshold from the validation data model metrics is used.
You can use numpy to threshold in Python without OpenCV.
You can threshold like this:
A better solution would be to parse out your document libraries so they aren't exceeding the list view threshold.
The threshold plugin splits data series into two parts, one above the threshold and one below.
This makes six data series out of your four (two have only values above the threshold).
skip the series added by the threshold plugin
Either normalize your image to range between 0 and 1, or multiply the threshold by the maximum possible value of the image.
You can also find the answer to your question here, at the official Highcharts forum: [http://forum.highcharts.com/highcharts-usage/arearange-dynamic-threshold-value-change-color-t37236/ (hyper-link)].
Instead of plotting sensitivity and specificity as 1D plots, you can plot them against thresholds as 2D plots.
Remove the threshold from the SQL_FILE appender.
This should return your threshold:
This might be an issue of AudioKit, but threshold must be changed via property to activate tracking, as shown below...
To make the threshold dynamic:
Connection threshold events can be published over the message bus to the following topics:
#LOG/WARNING/VPN/<router-name>/VPN_VPN_CONNECTIONS_HIGH/<vpn-name> when the connection count exceeds the high threshold.
#LOG/INFO/VPN/<router-name>/VPN_VPN_CONNECTIONS_HIGH_CLEAR/<vpn-name> when the connection count goes below the clear threshold.
In order to have the connection count threshold events published over the message bus, you will need to do the following:
Your application needs to subscribe to the topic for connection threshold events.
You would then compare $distance_squared to the square of the threshold.
The factors may be adjusted (especially blue might get a higher factor), as well as their sum (in order to match the threshold)
You can't achieve this directly because the lines segments which produce the line chart need start and end points where the color changes so the threshold plugin has to add these points.
The basis interpolated line doesn't cross the threshold, but the observations do.
It loops through each data pair, checking if they're on different sides of the threshold.
Not sure if will work with Threshold plugin though.
I do have the goal to get the threshold in the lower single digits, if I can't get there it means my design is not well enough and I need to go back to the drawing board or refactor.
", including:
a) Similarilty threshold, controlling how similar two blocks of code must
   be to be declaraed clones (typically 95% is good)
b) number of lines minimum clone size (3 tends to be a good choice)
c) number of parameters (distinct changes to the text; 5 tends to be a good choice)
With these settings, it tends to find 10-15% redundant code in virtually
everything it processes.
In a Lisp program, any duplicate expression is easily subject to refactoring -- I guess you'd call that threshold 2.
This will limit the upper values to your threshold value
There is no set rule for threshold.
I use a general formula that works fairly well most of the time when I don't always know Q: I want to generate about 8 times as many tasks as threads or a minimum threshold of 32k (depending on N of course.)
The threshold function you are trying to optimize has a higher degree of non-linearity and is thus much harder to optimize using functions like fmin.
You may have better luck trying to do a classification step to estimate the value of your threshold.
And only then to perform an optimization but knowing the threshold value.
After many hours of digging into Tesseract code I've finally found it - the parameter name is "matcher_bad_match_pad" and it tells Tesseract what is the cut-off threshold relative to the highest confidence prediction for a character.
The reason of an appearing of that gray artifacts on saved images after applying of any kind of a threshold is... *.JPG standard saving format of Image<TColor, TDepth>!
So there was no problem with thresholding itself.
To explain: first expression above calculates whether or not the threshold has been exceeded yet for a given employee on a given period and day by tracking a cumulative sum of their worked hours.
You can actually optimise the threshold levels for a signal in quantstrat!
See the quantstrat demos folder for an example that optimises over the stop threshold levels.
Below is a fully reproducible example that explores the optimal threshold for buying the SPY when the RSI crosses below a certain RSI threshold level (30 being the default, and exploring if we change this to c(20, 25, 30, 35, 60)).
The strategy involves exiting the position (subject to pyramiding 3 levels long if we keep crossing the RSI threshold from below) if the RSI crosses above 70 from below.
Ok, so the results suggest you would have done well with a threshold of 35 since 2015.
Now do a quick check on the transactions that occurred for one of the simulations --RSI.3 here, which corresponds to the entry threshold of 30 -- and compare them against the actual data and/or the chart above.
To find out if the intersection has more or equal number of items than the THRESHOLD you can use this construct:
Threshold count is 100, and checked performance of each method, with the following code:
I think you can get O(n) with a sorted IEnumerable as you only have to make one pass
This is Integer but you could use a generic and pass a comparer
In my test the CompareSS below beat ss1.Intersect(ss2).Skip(thresHold1 - 1).Any() by 5:1
Yes 5 times as fast
IMO, the best way to describe what happens during threshold assignment of the weak classifiers in every boosting round is a ROC analysis of the weak classifier performance.
So I think you just have your adaptive threshold function wrong.
x[,exceed.count:=sum(.SD>th), by=seq_len(nrow(x)) ]

no need to explicitly specify .SDcols, let it default to all columns
define the threshold vector th for all columns, using the don't-care value +Inf in those columns you don't want counted.
With predict_proba() you get probability which then can be mapped to any class depending on threshold value.
For deciding threshold you can use [ROC curve (hyper-link)] or evaluate you business outcome with xgboost outcome e.g.
if all cases below score 0.8 are are loss making then you can set threshold to 0.8
See where the gzipped size is smaller than the uncompressed, and set that to the threshold.
Thresholding at zero would give you the areas where the function (image) is positive.
There is no such thing as a "score threshold" - the documents returned are those that match your query.
start with a low threshold, for example: 1e-4
increase threshold and repeat all steps starting from point 1.
Using this approach you can estimate what is the best threshold for your particular data and your estimator
The SmartRule "On measurement threshold create alarm" has exactly this functionality.
AUC of the ROC curve is not accuracy, and the value is threshold independent.
Selecting the threshold should depend on your cost matrix (how much the penalty is for False Positives or False Negatives).
You would want to select the threshold that maximize your desired metric (max.
In H2O, if you call the model performance (Python ex: your_model.model_performance()), you will get the threshold for max accuracy and other optimized metrics listed.
scan allows you to access the previous and next values, allowing you to compare against your given threshold.
If the threshold isn't met then you could just emit the previous value.
It's ok, it's just an other ways to do an adaptive global thresholding.
Try some gaussian blur before you threshold:
The threshold is max-F1.
If you want to apply your own threshold, you will have to take the probability of the positive class and compare it yourself to produce the label you want.
If you use your web browser to connect to the H2O Flow Web UI inside of H2O-3, you can mouse over the ROC curve and visually browse the confusion matrix for each threshold, which is convenient.
Threshold must be specified for every keyphrase.
For shorter keyphrase you can use smaller thresholds like 1e-1, for longer threshold must be bigger, up to 1e-50.
Threshold must be tuned to balance between false alarms and missed detections, the best way to tune threshold is to use a prerecorded audio file.
Run keyword
spotting on that file with different thresholds for every keyword
From keyword spotting results count how many false alarms and missed
detections you've encountered Select the threshold with smallest
amount of false alarms and missed detections
Moreover, you always have to set the threshold manually in sklearn.
So to score your model with a custom threshold:
It will be much faster and much more readable to use the built-in [max (hyper-link)] function, and then test if the max value is larger than the threshold.
In case of multiple peaks over the defined threshold, I would just call max to figure the highest peak, as follows
First, note that mean(x) <= threshold if and only if sum(x - threshold) <= 0.
In my trial, threshold low value is fixed with 215.
Look at opencv documentation about [https://docs.opencv.org/3.4.0/d7/d4d/tutorial_py_thresholding.html (hyper-link)]
[OpenCV binary adaptive threshold OCR (hyper-link)]
[OpenCV Adaptive Threshold OCR (hyper-link)]
Calculations for the moments and proportions to threshold were good but there was a problem with skimage histogram which shrink the bins (even if 256 bins was specified) and the way t was calculated.
So this code gives you the value of threshold of the Moments auto-threshold of Image J.
If you change that value you will change the threshold necessary to launch another instance in EB
