upsample is part of the signal package.
The Keras UpSample2D can upsample to different sizes, not just double size.
By specifying the size you desire you can manage to upsample to different sizes according to your needs.
So, if you want an upsample factor of say, 3 then you should use size=(3,3), etc.
upsample just inserts zeros between your samples, while resample applies an anti-aliasing filter and then interpolates.
So for example, if your signal is x=[1,1], upsample(x,2) will output 1,0,1,0, while resmaple(x,2,1) outputs 1, 1.26, 1, 0.43, which is the result of filtering and interpolation.
The fourth parameter tells [resample (hyper-link)] to use a weighted sum of 0 samples for the filter it applies to the upsampled data.
Your other option would be to use tf.keras.layers.UpSampling2D for your purpose, but that doesn't learn a kernel to upsample (it uses bilinear upsampling).
So if you have samples x0 and x1, the upsampled values are y0=x0, y2=x1, and the new sample y1=(x0+x1)/2.
Add parameter errors='coerce' for convert non parseable values to NaT if necessary, also is possible first converting column, then create DatetimeIndex and last upsample:
You should change upsample_w and upsample_h.
so you should count how many layers you have and then calculate your upsample considering the size of your images.
Is there a particular reason why you want to upsample?
If you really do want to upsample, then as Lasse mentioned, don't just insert zeros.
To upsample those three samples to 3528000 Hz, you'll need to output (441 * 3 = 1323) samples.
Draw a straight line between the points and you'll get a decent upsample.
But before you do that, ask yourself if you really need to upsample.
Below is an example using the ushort upsample(uchar hi, uchar lo) overload for illustration:
That could look something like the below, where factor is the factor with which you want to upsample.
Here time.dt.season is a DataArray representing the season labels associated with each time in your upsampled Dataset:
On my system, the pytorch version is 0.2.0, torch.nn has a module called Upsample.
where Dprime are the upsampled data.
Please do pinpoint on where you feel the upsample is happening, if my answer is still not clear.
Use upsample
You can use repmat and reshape to get the upsampled vector as:
The easiest way is to upsample to a sample rate which is the LCM of your two sample rates and then downsample - that way you get integer upsample/downsample ratios.
In your case there are no common factors in the two sample rates so you would need to upsample by a factor of 128 to 9.6 kHz and then downsample by a factor of 75 to 128 Hz.
You need to upsample and downsample with an intermediate sampling frequency, as @Paul mentioned.
You do not need to upsample and then downsample.
When you upsample, the arrays revert back to 400x400 since they are exact multiples of the dimensions.
Now when you upsample, you get a 66x66 * 6 = 402x402 array and a 400x400 array.
For example, if temp1 is 67x67, this will scale it up by 5.97014925373 instead of by 6, making the upsampled size exactly 400x400.
Then use the resample function to either upsample (higher frequency) or downsample (lower frequency) your dataframe.
However, in this same PR, converting Upsample in bilinear mode has been disabled; the reason is that Pytorch's bilinear mode does not align with ONNX's, and Nearest mode is the only mode currently supported.
Upsample (Now called Resize) in ONNX is being updated in opset 11 to support a bilinear mode that aligns with Pytorch in [https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/2057 (hyper-link)], but this is not yet pushed.
Now, when generating the mask via upsample, there is no need to use Maybe: just yield zero instead of Nothing.
One does not need to upsample and downsample to resample.
You need to plot your upsampled signal in frequency domain, on a similarly "upsampled" frequency vector.
You can find upsample_2d and upscore_layer in their Github repo:  [conv.py (hyper-link)]
Also when I upsample i have to make changes for the wav header - what should I change?
upsample 8 times.
Function [upsample (hyper-link)] executes only the first step, while function [resample (hyper-link)] executes both of them.
To compensate for the high resolution display, Android will upsample the images with 200%.
In case you want to upsample a [Triangulated irregular network (hyper-link)] you can use any [Subdivision Filter (hyper-link)] available in the section Remeshing, Simplification and Reconstruction.
First of all, i do not understand why you would upsample by 32 and then 4 times by 2.
I optimized the FIR filters by using pipeline registers, reduced the number of multipliers of the 32 upsample one using the partly serial architecture.
I first upsampled with a resolution of 1 second.
You can also use one extra pass of conv3d using the same constant filter for bilinear interpolation upsample.
Upsample more, for example: torch.nn.ConvTranspose2d(8, 64, kernel_size=7, stride=2) would give you 7x7
I am assuming that by "the upsampling ratio is not always integer", you mean that you will upsample from one resolution to another, but you might not be doubling or tripling.
In this case, batch is the number of images you want to upsample.
If you only want to upsample a single image, define your input as such:
You need a low pass filter in between the upsample and downsample stages to get rid of the aliasing that would occur otherwise.
Basically, you should specify each out_shape to be the one you'd like to upsample to: (2, 50, 50, 50, 10), (2, 100, 100, 100, 10), ...
Not sure which OS you are on, but I believe Windows natively upsamples all audio streams to either 44 or 48khz before directing the samples to the soundcard (so it can properly mix it with all the other streams).
So I'm not sure if you upsample with your own code if you'll get any improvements.
Say you upsample, then left-merge to util:
due to setting preserve_range= True the resulting array is indeed the upsampled version of a.
This will allow you to use name='', input_shape='' and other arguments for Lamba, and allows you to pass an integer stride/upsample amount.
Upsample the image to some larger size (tensorflow does this by filling with zeros)
Do regular convolutions on that upsampled image
To get the other upsampled tensors you can repeat this procedure by changing the strides as you need:
You can use [nn.Upsample (hyper-link)] layer, which is a wrapper around the [nn.functional.interpolate (hyper-link)] function (old name is nn.functional.upsample)
However to reduce the number of computations, we can downsample the input before a layers and then upsample its output.
Try print(upsample.get_shape()).
MP3 decoding: How do I decode my mp3 files meaning what samplerate should I specify to ffmpeg (as I know it's not recomended to upsample/downsample streams).
Acoustic models: If I don't upsample/downsample the stream, how can I find an acoustic model supporting 11025 kHz.
upsample inserts 3 zeroes between each pair of values of your variable.
At first upsample to calendar days
If you want to use pooling indices to upsample, I suggest you to use these custom layers [here (hyper-link)].
Adapted from the [docs (hyper-link)], in this example we upsample one of the minority classes to have the same number of samples as the majority class.
Now try to upsample this monthly time series back to daily time series, with uniform values within a month.
Here encode will await for the value from cp: if it becomes available, it will remember the value and get one value from upsample pipe, yield the encoded value, and loop to encode the remainder of the Producer left from cp after removing x.
I don't know what upsample is like, so I defined is as a negating pipe:
To upsample (a being originaArray):
upsample(originalArray, 21) gives [0 0 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4 5 5 6 6 7 7 8 8 9 9 9]
upsample(originalArray, 23) gives [0 0 1 1 2 2 3 3 3 4 4 5 5 6 6 6 7 7 8 8 9 9 9]
upsample(originalArray,  5) gives [0 2 4 6 8]
upsample_weighted from 3 to 14: 10 11.5385 13.0769 14.6154 16.1538 17.6923 19.2308 20.7692 22.3077 23.8462 25.3846 26.9231 28.4615 30
upsample_copy_preferred from 3 to 14: 10 11.5385 13.0769 14.6154 16.1538 17.6923 19.2308 20 22.3077 23.8462 25.3846 26.9231 28.4615 30
Your detection window dimensions and upsample settings will determine how large people must look in the image in order for your trained classifier to detect them reliably.
If you upsample even once, you'll be able to detect people at a smaller scale (upsampling makes the person look bigger than they are).
I suggest you use a larger dataset and increase the upsampling number (by how much you upsample is another discussion - that appears to be built into the library).
1a) Upsample when the pixel is partly overlapping:
The Network is giving output in float (i.e at upsample layer) and it is not in a normalize form.
A windowed Sinc interpolator also works well for this if you don't need real-time performance, and don't want to upsample/downsample.
Let's first look at your unfiltered upsampled signal xu (from [your previous question (hyper-link)]) in the frequency domain to better understand what is going on:
upsample by 2 then filter, three times in cascade) could also reduce the interpolation error with the same overall number of coefficients and transition bandwidth.
As a partial answer, to tackle problem 1, I found that I can first upsample to a higher frequency period that has a uniform duration, e.g., 'D', and than downsample to the wanted frequency:
In reality, not all days are of equal length, and whenever we find a way to include that fact, we might need change the code to upsample to 'H' (or even '15T' for fractional timezones).
Given your upsampled data, all you have to do is to execute the following code:
The runtime headers and some usage code I've found seems to suggest that CIEdgePreserveUpsampleFilter does not take a inputBackgroundImage parameter, but rather inputSmallImage.
N.B: You don't want to upsample your feature maps with Conv2DTranspose (you can but for VGG I don't think Conv2DTranspose will give the upsampled feature maps the way you want in your decoder), it's not designed that way (it also learns upsampling but it learns the best upsampling parameters which is slightly different).
I made the assumption that upsample was the reciprocal of downsample in the sense that x == upsample(downsample_and_noise_map(x, sigma)) (correct me if I'm wrong in this assumption).
The second reason is that this procedure shows biased performance measures in a test set that is no longer representative of reality: remember, we want our test set to be representative of the real unseen data, which of course will be imbalanced; artificially balancing our test set and claiming that it has X% accuracy when a great part of this accuracy will be due to the artificially upsampled minority class makes no sense, and gives misleading impressions.
The second reason is why your procedure would still be wrong even if you had not performed the first mistake, and you had proceeded to upsample the training and test sets separately after splitting.
I short, you should remedy the procedure, so that you first split into training & test sets, and then upsample your training set only.
The comments in your code hint at the solution: 
# upsample to 32x32 and
a 32x32 1-channel feature map is generated (i.e.
You can upsample to larger image sizes by adding more Conv2DTranspose layers to your generator.
Therefore I upsampled the class with fewer data.
This of course means that afterwards the dataset contains the upsampled data multiple times.
If you, as I did it, split off the test data after upsampling, it is very, very likely that your training data will contain elements from the upsampled data.
