Some info (such as where to go on return) is also stored there.
The Heap
The heap is a generic name for where you put the data that you create on the fly.
This is only practical if your memory usage is quite different from the norm - i.e for games where you load a level in one huge operation and can chuck the whole lot away in another huge operation.
Physical location in memory
This is less relevant than you think because of a technology called [Virtual Memory (hyper-link)] which makes your program think that you have access to a certain address where the physical data is somewhere else (even on the hard disc!).
In practice, it's very hard to predict what will be fast and what will be slow in modern operating systems that have virtual memory subsystems, because how the pages are implemented and where they are stored is an implementation detail.
In modern processors and operating systems the exact way it works is very abstracted anyway, so you don't normally need to worry much about how it works deep down, except that (in languages where it lets you) you mustn't use memory that you haven't allocated yet or memory that you have freed.
Simply, the stack is where local variables get created.
The PC and register data gets and put back where it was as it is popped, so your program can go on its merry way.
Allocating and deallocating many small blocks may leave the heap in a state where there are a lot of small free blocks interspersed between the used blocks.
Generally we think of local scope (can only be accessed by the current function) versus global scope (can be accessed anywhere) although scope can get much more complex.
Stacks in computing architectures are regions of memory where data is added or removed in a last-in-first-out manner.
The stack is the area of memory where local variables (including method parameters) are stored.

Arrows - show where grow stack and heap, process stack size have limit, defined in OS, thread stack size limits by parameters in thread create API usually.
Unlike the stack, variables created on the heap are accessible by any function, anywhere in your program.
Stored wherever memory allocation is done, accessed by pointer always.
1) Where and what are they (physically in a real computer's memory)?
Thank you for a really good discussion but as a real noob I wonder where instructions are kept?
In the BEGINNING scientists were deciding between two architectures (von NEUMANN where everything is considered DATA and HARVARD where an area of memory was reserved for instructions and another for data).
[Static class memory allocation where it is stored C# (hyper-link)]
[What and where are the stack and heap?
But I had some experience where I had to use application/x-javascript because of some compression issues.
I experienced many situations where the browser type or the framework user needed:
I have tested it with PHP and Java where it worked as expected.
Where a Comma makes confusion
You know where the included script is relative to the original one, in the lib subdirectory, but not where it is relative to the user's current directory.
It doesn't matter where the user is or how he/she calls the script.
is a useful one-liner which will give you the full directory name of the script no matter where it is being called from.
After this, if you really want to know where the you are running then run the command below.
Additionally, if a symbolic link to a script is executed, you're going to get a (probably relative) path to where the link resides, not the actual script.
This gets it right regardless how or where you run it:
The first line assigns source based on the value of pwd if run from the current path or [dirname (hyper-link)] if called from elsewhere.
As can be seen from the above pitfall of command substitution, standard output is not a good avenue for shell functions to return strings to their caller, unless the output is in a format where trailing newlines are insignificant.
An array variable whose members are the source filenames where the corresponding shell function names in the FUNCNAME array variable are  defined.
To change the working directory to the one where the Bash script is located, you should try this simple, tested and verified with shellcheck solution:
We could have used print -P %x to get the same file path with fewer hacks, but in our case, where we need to pass it as an argument to dirname, that would have required the overhead of a starting a new subshell:
A script shouldn't fail in unpredictable ways just because someone, somewhere, did a mkdir $'\n'.
Your module is a library, but you want to have a script mode where it runs some unit tests or a demo.
The __name__ variable points to the namespace wherever the Python interpreter happens to be at the moment.
Well, the condition has been met (the variable __name__ has been set to "__main__"), so I'll enter the main() function and print 'main function: this is where the action is'.
They're then later called somewhere else in the body of the script.
This is great, because you can just write code and not have to worry about structural issues like in C/C++, where, if a file does not implement a 'main' function then it cannot be compiled as an executable and if it does, it cannot then be used as a library.
Whereas in C/C++ you would have to portion out those pieces into a separate module that then includes the file.
Where:
You should see that, where __name__, where it is the main file (or program) will always return __main__, and if it is a module/package, or anything that is running off some other Python script, will return the name of the file where it has originated from.
We run the a.py file, where the "import b.py" code is executed first.
If you are using JQuery then put the javascript wherever you find it best and use $(document).ready() to ensure that things are loaded properly before executing any functions.
XHTML Won't Validate if the script is anywhere other than within the head element.
turns out it can be everywhere.
You can defer the execution with something like jQuery so it doesn't matter where it's placed (except for a small performance hit during parsing).
Non-blocking script tags can be placed just about anywhere:
In other hand placing it after <body> start or above will execute script (where there's still no DOM elements).
You are including jQuery which means you can place it wherever you wish and use [.ready() (hyper-link)]
Including scripts at the end is mainly used where the content/ styles of the website is to be shown first.
you can place them anywhere and they will load in parallel and execute when the page finishes loading.
However, if your script needs to run at a certain point within a page’s layout — like when using document.write to generate content — you should put it at the point where it should be called, usually within the <body> section.
I just had a very simular situation where my layout contained an EditText and a search button.
Dear Google: When I'm looking up the recipe for a cake, there is no RecipeProvider on Earth that would refuse to provide me with the recipe unless I first answer WHO the cake will be eaten by AND where it will be eaten!
Alternatively to [this all around solution (hyper-link)], if you wanted to close the soft keyboard from anywhere without having a reference to the (EditText) field that was used to open the keyboard, but still wanted to do it if the field was focused, you could use this (from an Activity):
Just Use it wherever you want to hide the keyboard
I have the case, where my EditText can be located also in an AlertDialog, so the keyboard should be closed on dismiss.
The following code seems to be working anywhere:
And in EditText is in anywhere:
After playing around with all the answers I found out that most of them work IF you know WHERE to put the request... And that was the key to all.
you can simply add this code where you want to hide the soft keyboard"
When you want to hide keyboard where ever you click on screen except edittext
Override this method in your activity:
Below code will help you to make generic function that can be call from anywhere.
Call Above method from anywhere using one single line of code.
Then just call it wherever you need
This code will help you to hide keyboard when you touch outside the edittext or anywhere else.
You can run npm list -g to see which global libraries are installed and where they're located.
It will then typically be found in /usr/local/lib/node_modules (Use npm root -g to check where.)
In earlier versions of NPM modules were always placed in /usr/local/lib/node or wherever you specified the npm root within the .npmrc file.
When you install global module with npm install -g something, npm looks up a config variable prefix to know where to install the module.
globally —- This drops modules in {prefix}/lib/node_modules, and puts executable files in {prefix}/bin, where {prefix} is usually
  something like /usr/local.
It will provide you the location where node.js modules have been installed.
Where globalPrefix has a default set in [ec9fcc1/lib/config/defaults.js#L92-L105 (hyper-link)] of:
Note : If you are somewhere in folder type cd .. until you are in C: directory.
Here is all the informations that were missing to find what is configured where.
Without a WHERE clause, you'll affect even rows that don't need to be affected, which could (possibly) cause index recalculation or fire triggers that really shouldn't have been fired.
It checks if it is null or not by using "WHERE EXIST".
If you are using SQL Server you can update one table from another without specifying a join and simply link the two from the where clause.
In such an event where the Connection's finalize method does not clean up everything, one might actually find that the physical connection to the database server will last several garbage collection cycles, until the database server eventually figures out that the connection is not alive (if it does), and should be closed.
Managing a List instance where you are only adding to the list and not deleting from it (although you should be getting rid of elements you no longer need), or
Below there will be a non-obvious case where Java leaks, besides the standard case of forgotten listeners, static references, bogus/modifiable keys in hashmaps, or just threads stuck without any chance to end their life-cycle.
I think that a valid example could be using ThreadLocal variables in an environment where threads are pooled.
I don't think anyone has said this yet: you can resurrect an object by overriding the finalize() method such that finalize() stores a reference of this somewhere.
This is particularly important
  on Windows95 and Windows98 where the operating system has a limited
  number of device contexts available.
In Java a "memory leak" is primarily just you using too much memory which is different than in C where you are no longer using the memory but forget to return (free) it.
If you want the application to play safe, close the input stream right where it's created:
I would have then to follow up with "Could you give me examples where you hat to troubleshoot memory leaks?
So where is the memory leak?
If the query was called lots of times and, for each query (so, for each Map returned) you save an Entry somewhere, the memory would constantly keep growing.
After each pseudoQueryDatabase() call, the map instances should be ready for collection, but it won't happen, as at least one Entry is stored somewhere else.
Where a cookie referencing a non-existent session is presented, its value should be replaced immediately to prevent [session fixation (hyper-link)].
Okay, so maybe the list isn't the canonical list of most common passwords on any system anywhere ever, but it's a good indication of how poorly people will choose their passwords when there is no enforced policy in place.
Authentication can be completely delegated to a single-sign-on service, where another provider handles collecting credentials.
You create a web page hosted somewhere with your photo, your passport number, and a public key, and hash them all with the private key.
The attacker no longer knows where to even POST to.
And the [__file__ attribute (hyper-link)]  can help you find out where the file you are executing is located.
And to get path of a directory where your script is located, access [.parent (hyper-link)] (it is recommended to call .resolve() before .parent):
It is also strongly advised that explicit serialVersionUID declarations use the private modifier where possible, since such declarations apply only to the immediately declaring class — serialVersionUID fields are not useful as inherited members.
One case where the warning (or the serialVersionUID) is unavoidable is when you extend from AbstractAction, normally in a anonymous class, only adding the actionPerformed-method.
Original question has asked for 'why is it important' and 'example' where this Serial Version ID would be useful.
As for an example where the missing serialVersionUID might cause a problem:
It is also possible that the environment where the object is serialized is using one JRE (ex: SUN JVM) and the environment where deserialzation happens is using Linux Jvm(zing).
Where we need serialVersionID:
Less obvious - When you deserialize object, fields that where not present in string will be kept as NULL.
Because there is only one instance of each module, any changes made to the module object get reflected everywhere.
Also, global variables are useful, contrary to some OOP zealots who claim otherwise - especially for smaller scripts, where OOP is overkill.
What's going on here is that Python assumes that any name that is assigned to, anywhere within a function, is local to that function unless explicitly told otherwise.
But by using the 'global' statement, you tell Python that it should look elsewhere for the name instead of assigning to it locally.
If a variable is assigned a new value anywhere
  within the function’s body, it’s assumed to be a local.
Reference the class namespace where you want the change to show up.
The [globals() (hyper-link)] function returns a mutable global symbol dictionary where you can "magically" make data available for the rest of your code.
Where is the documentation which lists the format specifiers supported by the Date() object?
The answer is "nowhere" since the date formatting is proprietary functionality.
Where is the documentation which lists the format specifiers supported by the Date() object?
As can be seen, we need the disambiguation keyword even if the compiler could perfectly figure out itself that A::result_type can only be int (and is hence a type), and this->g can only be the member template g declared later (even if A is explicitly specialized somewhere, that would not affect the code within that template, so its meaning cannot be affected by a later specialization of A!
In that case, there should be no way that that code could validly compile at instantiation time, so the language forbids a name where the qualifier is the current instantiation to be neither a member of an unknown specialization nor a member of the current instantiation (however, this violation is still not required to be diagnosed).
There are certain contexts in C++ where the compiler must explicitly be told how to treat a name, and all these contexts have one thing in common; they depend on at least one template-parameter.
We refer to such names, where there can be an ambiguity in interpretation, as; "dependent names".
To prevent an implementation from potentially suffering from nasty surprises, the Standard mandates that we sort out the ambiguity of a dependent-name by explicitly stating the intent anywhere we'd like to treat the name as either a type-name, or a template-id.
Note: Applying typename or template in a context where it is not required is not considered good practice; just because you can do something, doesn't mean that you should.
Additionally there are contexts where typename and template are explicitly disallowed:
In particular, typename may now be omitted in all those places, where syntactically only a type is legal.
One notable exception, where typename is still required, is in the argument list of instantiations of user or library defined templates: Even, if that particular argument was declared to be a type, the typename keyword is still required.
In android studio you can specify where the source, res, assets folders are located.
There are eight magical constants that change depending on where they are used.
Since PHP 4.0.2, __FILE__ always contains an absolute path with symlinks resolved whereas in older versions it contained relative path under some circumstances.
Where as, if we wanted to call the array in some later part of the code, we could do:
(Note that the default user preference in most browsers is for new tabs, so a trivial test on a browser where that preference hasn't been changed will not demonstrate this.)
Assuming we are talking about your own web site ("thissite.com" below), where you want to control what the browser does, then, below, you want "specialpage.htm" to be EMPTY, no HTML at all in it (saves time sending data from the server!
Faster results can be achieved using [numpy.where (hyper-link)].
In order to identify where to slice, we first need to perform the same boolean analysis we did above.
The WHERE syntax is more relational model oriented.
It's easier to see this with the WHERE syntax.
You cannot control this in MySQL using WHERE syntax.
if you are matching on weakly related data, use the where clause.
In addition, the relational algebra allows interchangeability of the predicates in the WHERE clause and the INNER JOIN, so even INNER JOIN queries with WHERE clauses can have the predicates rearranged by the optimizer.
Sometimes this includes making the INNER JOIN relatively "incomplete" and putting some of the criteria in the WHERE simply to make the lists of filtering criteria more easily maintainable.
The SELECT clause tells us what we're getting back; the FROM clause tells us where we're getting it from, and the WHERE clause tells us which ones we're getting.
Any query elements that control the tables - where we're getting stuff from - semantically belong to the FROM clause (and of course, that's where JOIN elements go).
Putting joining-elements into the WHERE clause conflates the which and the where-from, that's why the JOIN syntax is preferred.
If you use the older syntax and forget one of the join conditions in the where clause, you will get a cross join.
Additionally for maintenance if you have a cross join in the old syntax, how will the maintainer know if you meant to have one (there are situations where cross joins are needed) or if it was an accident that should be fixed?
But if you added a third table:
SELECT ... FROM table1, table2 JOIN table3 ON ... WHERE ...
 Applying conditional statements in ON / WHERE
WHERE: The WHERE filter is applied to VT3.
Only rows for which the <where_condition> is TRUE are inserted to VT4.
(Applying conditional statements in ON / WHERE will not make much difference in few cases.
If you are often programming dynamic stored procedures, you will fall in love with your second example (using where).
The conditions come all in the WHERE part, where they are also all lined up one below the other.
You will see which config is set where.
See "[Where do the settings in my Git configuration come from?
(like the latest [PortableGit-2.14.2-64-bit.7z.exe (hyper-link)], which can be uncompressed anywhere you want)
The whole lot is then mapped to be "My Documents", which isn't where others would expect.
I don't know where it came from...
In other words, the file was located in C:\Users\MyLogin\.gitconfig\.gitconfig, instead of on C:\Users\MyLogin\.gitconfig (which is where Git was looking for the files).
Where is git configuration stored?
The best version of this I've found on Windows is Joseph Newcomer's "whereis" utility, which is available (with source) from [his site (hyper-link)].
The article about the development of "whereis" is worth reading.
While later versions of Windows have a where command, you can also do this with Windows XP by using the environment variable modifiers, as follows:
anything after Windows XP 32 bit) provide the where.exe program which does some of what which does, though it matches all types of files, not just executable commands.
It will even accept wildcards, so where nt* finds all files in your %PATH% and current directory whose names start with nt.
Try where /?
Note that Windows PowerShell defines where as an alias for [the Where-Object cmdlet (hyper-link)], so if you want where.exe, you need to type the full name instead of omitting the .exe extension.
NB: to install it explode the zip somewhere and add ...\UnxUtils\usr\local\wbin\ to your system path env variable.
Under PowerShell, [Get-Command (hyper-link)] will find executables anywhere in $Env:PATH.
This alone makes it better than where.exe, which.exe, etc which are typically limited to finding just executables.
Unlike UNIX, where executables are files with the executable (+x) bit set, executables on windows are files present in one of the directories specified in the $PATH env.
For you Windows XP users (who have no where command built-in), I have written a "where like" command as a rubygem called whichr.
In Windows CMD which calls where:
That is the path, where PHP looks for the php.ini file.
Somewhere in its output, it will show this line:
Without any background on where the string comes from, however, the possibility is theoretical speculation.
Use /usr/libexec/java_home -v 1.8 command on a terminal shell to figure out where is your Java 1.8 home directory
You could use echo $(/usr/libexec/java_home) command in your terminal to know the path where Java being installed.
type which java in terminal to show where it is installed.
Where an identifier was declared
Sometimes scopes or execution contexts change without the containing object changing, such as in a declared function where the containing object may be window or a constructor function.
Contexts form a stack of environments where variables are stored
Global scope: variable which is announced in global scope can be used anywhere in the program very smoothly.
This means no matter where the var declaration happens, to the compiler it is as if the var itself happens at the top
The first
  floor of the building represents your currently executing scope,
  wherever you are.
And this variable is accessible from everywhere in the class.
If it cannot find the variable inside the function body it will climb up to the chain and look at the variable scope in the function in where the function was defined.
This is what is meant with lexical scope, we can see in the code where this function was defined and thus can determine the scope chain by merely looking at the code.
The biggest difference between var and let/const is that var is function scoped whereas let/const are block scoped.
Is the set of rules that determines where and how a variable (identifier) can be looked up.
Where the -s makes it symbolic.
If you are in the directory where you want to create symlink, then ignore second path.
e.g config.vm.synced_folder "F:/Sunburst/source/sunburst/lms", "/source"
F:/Sunburst/source/sunburst/lms :- where the source code, /source :- directory path inside the vagrant
Then go to the guest machine directory where the files which are associate with the browser.
A) Goto the folder where you want to create a soft link and typeout the command as mentioned below:
You can navigate to the folder where you want to create the symlink and run the command or specify the FULL PATH for your symlink instead of NAME-OF-YOUR-SYMLINK.
The above is an example of a hard link where you can have a copy of your physical data.
Given your specific sample, where the fall-back value is cheap to construct, I like to follow these steps:
Instead of SELECT * FROM MyTable WHERE Column1 CONTAINS 'word1 word2 word3',
add And in between those words like:
This will display all the records where column1 has a partial value contains word.
One other thing that I would like to add is that we can also use proximity_term to find columns where the words are inside a specific distance between them inside the column phrase.
According to JSBench, this function is [the fastest of the ones I could find anywhere (hyper-link)] - feel free to add your own though.
This is a much more realistic scenario of where efficiency might be needed.
These changes make dramatic changes in the claims (specifically the code touted as fastest is nowhere near fast).
The obvious winners are where hashing techniques are used, with the best one being
I had a slightly different problem where I needed to remove objects with duplicate id properties from an array.
I have a simple example where we can remove objects from array having repeated id in objects,
Here is an almost one-liner that is O(n), keeps the first element, and where you can keep the field you are uniq'ing on separate.
Your example is a good one of a case where Python newcomers will be surprised and bitten.
But I'd argue that if we "fixed" this, then that would only create a different situation where they'd be bitten instead, and that one would be even less intuitive.
Moreover, this is always the case when dealing with mutable variables; you always run into cases where someone could intuitively expect one or the opposite behavior depending on what code they're writing.
Even if it's all hidden away in the interpreter and not a full-blown closure, the data's got to be stored somewhere.
The existing behavior is not Pythonic, and Python is successful because very little about the language violates the principle of least astonishment anywhere near this badly.
None is somewhere in the space but we know it's there and there is only one copy of None there.
There may be legitimate use cases for the 'Wrong Method' whereby the programmer intended the default list parameter to be shared, but this is more likely the exception than the rule.
There are 3 cases I see where you might run into this problem:
While it is pretty clear how blocks map to scopes, the question is where def <name>(<args=defaults>): belongs to:
1.Using [$where (hyper-link)]
I believe this is the fastest query that answers your question, because it doesn't use an interpreted $where clause:
I my experience, I have never come across a case where using <br /> is problematic, however, there are many cases where <br/> or especially <br> might be problematic in older browsers and tools.
Not to be confused with br, but in addition you may also consider using wbr tags in your HTML: A word break opportunity tag, which specifies where in a text it would be ok to add a line-break.
Besides, in the robotic and machine world that's here, where robots don't have the same Human-interface coding problems HTML5 solves for us, they will gladly go back to XML data systems and parse such UI web pages much faster when converted to XML data.
This tag notation can also be used in Reactjs where a line break is required instead of <br>
The data file is where the images are stored and the metadata file is where the meta data regarding those images are stored.
When run for the first time Docker allocates a certain amount of data space and meta data space from the space available on the volume where /var/lib/docker is mounted.
[Where are Docker Images Stored?
in cases where index is not used -- and possibly a more efficient way -- is to create your array but make N represent N+1, then shift off the front.
The function creates an array filled with values beginning at start and ending at end with increments of size increment, where
The difference is that in the former expression, each element is explicitly set to undefined, whereas in the latter, each element was never set.
or anywhere else an iterable is required, like [for...of loops (hyper-link)].
p This is a function which defines where to stop.
ES5 version, inefficient, but perhaps the shortest one that's an expression, not some statement where a variable is populated with eg.
Where does it come from.
You are building a form where a user can enter values.
All other solutions have possible problems and edge cases where the check can fail.
So it properly includes the docs where pictures has at least one array element, and excludes the docs where pictures is either an empty array, not an array, or missing.
use the $where and pass the this.field_name.length which return the size of array field and check it by comparing with  number.
However you will get different results in an outer join depending on if you put the join condition in the WHERE vs the ON clause.
I think it makes the most sense to be in the habit of always putting the join condition in the ON clause (unless it is an outer join and you actually do want it in the where clause) as it makes it clearer to anyone reading your query what conditions the tables are being joined on, and also it helps prevent the WHERE clause from being dozens of lines long.
In terms of the optimizer, it shouldn't make a difference whether you define your join clauses with ON or WHERE.
That way you have a specific section of you query that dictates how the join is handled versus intermixed with the rest of the WHERE clauses.
So, do not add any WHERE conditions to the ON clause, put them in the WHERE clause.
If you are doing a LEFT JOIN, add any WHERE conditions to the ON clause for the table in the right side of the join.
This is a must, because adding a WHERE clause that references the right side of the join will convert the join to an INNER JOIN.
You would add the reference to a unique identifier (that is not ever NULL) in the RIGHT JOIN table to the WHERE clause this way: WHERE t2.idfield IS NULL.
In the upper left join case, SQL do Left join first and then do where filter.
WHERE clause: After joining.
a) Inside WHERE clause:
After applying the WHERE clause and selecting the listed attributes, the result will be:
In SQL, the 'WHERE' and 'ON' clause,are kind of Conditional Statemants, but the major difference between them are, the 'Where' Clause is used in Select/Update Statements for specifying the Conditions, whereas the 'ON' Clause is used in Joins, where it verifies or checks if the Records are Matched in the target and source tables, before the Tables are Joined
For Example: - 'WHERE'
For an inner join, WHERE and ON can be used interchangeably.
And, that's where INNER JOIN comes into play.
The non-struck rows are the ones that satisfy the WHERE clause, and only these records are going to be included in the result set.
An INNER JOIN statement can be rewritten as a CROSS JOIN with a WHERE clause matching the same condition you used in the ON clause of the INNER JOIN query.
so if the column you condition on is not one of those indexed columns then i suspect it is better to keep it in WHERE .
There is great difference between where clause vs. on clause, when it comes to left join.
Query on "where clause":
Normally, filtering is processed in the WHERE clause once the two tables have already been joined.
i.e, the where clause applies to the whole result set whereas the on clause only applies to the join in question.
WHERE
As such, all ON clauses belonging to the corresponding JOIN operator have "already happened" logically by the time logical processing reaches the WHERE clause.
This means that in the case of a LEFT JOIN, for example, the outer join's semantics has already happend by the time the WHERE clause is applied.
The LEFT JOIN doesn't really have any useful effect, because even if an actor did not play in a film, the actor will be filtered, as its FILM_ID will be NULL and the WHERE clause will filter such a row.
Always put your predicate where it makes most sense, logically.
For readability it makes the most sense to isolate these use cases to ON and WHERE respectively.
filter data in WHERE
It can become very difficult to read a query where the JOIN condition and a filtering condition exist in the WHERE clause.
I wrote a more in depth post about this here:
[https://dataschool.com/learn/difference-between-where-and-on-in-sql (hyper-link)]
It is the same both 'on' or 'where' on an inner join as long as your server can get it:
The 'where' option not all interpreters know so maybe should be avoided.
conditions referring to two tables (treated as join conditions, regardless of where they appear)
Especially in MySql, you can see yourself, by tracing the optimizer, that the join .. on conditions are replaced during parsing by the equivalent where conditions.
Eg, in postgres, the plan will contain a join clause, even if you didn't use the join..on syntax anywhere.
WHERE clause: After joining, Records will be filtered.
In the original example, the LEFT JOINs have a different outcome depending on whether you use JOIN ON ... WHERE or JOIN ON ... AND.
In this case, the former JOIN ON ... WHERE syntax essentially allows you to force the primary join operation to occur on the ID parameter, with secondary filtering on Username performed only after the main join is complete.
This will show you where your pip is installed and therefore where your packages are located.
At the very bottom of the help there is a section FILE that indicates where this package was installed.
You can actually use display: table to split the area into two elements (header and content), where the header can vary in height and the content fills the remaining space.
This came in handy when using Bootstrap to make a dashboard wherein I had a sidebar and a main.
only checks out from the index where the deletion has already been staged.
that goes for cases where you used
If the deletion has been committed, find the commit where it happened, then recover the file from this commit.
where the file I wanted to restore was app/views/data/landingpage.js.erb
But despite this seemingly obvious evidence, there are only a surprisingly few cases where operator overloading is appropriate.
If a function object absolutely needs to use data which is expensive to copy, it is better to store that data elsewhere and have the function object refer to it.
For all operators where you have to choose to either implement them as a member function or a non-member function, use the following rules of thumb to decide:
You can't use a for loop where the arguments to a function call would go:
I tend to favor an approach where programming logic happens outside the return value of render.
Assuming objects is an array somewhere...
where i = number of times
where, n -is the number of times you want to loop.
More notes - I've run into a few places where this technique is a bad idea.
In a hypothetical world where the user really can flip the case-insensitivity of keys separately, we may want to extend the code to distinguish that case from a blanket "--ignore-case".
To get master branch updated with your committed changes, make a temporary branch where you are (this way the temporary branch will have all the committed changes you have made in the detached HEAD), then switch to the master branch and merge the temporary branch with the master.
Also check out the directory where you put .gitignore.
I just realized that in fact, this directory is a symbolic link to a folder somewhere else:
Where it says
That's where you should use POST or PUT.
Historically (from the now obsolete RFC2616 it was to create a new resource as a "subordinate" (child) of the URI where the request was sent to).
For example, one URI producer
  might use a segment such as "name;v=1.1" to indicate a reference to version
  1.1 of "name", whereas another might use a segment such as "name,1.1" to
  indicate the same.
In [Laravel 5.3 (hyper-link)] (and still true as of [7.x (hyper-link)]) you can use more granular wheres passed as an array:
Personally I haven't found use-case for this over just multiple where calls, but fact is you can use it.
Since June 2014 you can pass an array to where
As long as you want all the wheres use and operator, you can group them this way:
Multiple where clauses
The whereColumn method can be passed an array of multiple conditions.
For more information check this section of the documentation
[https://laravel.com/docs/5.4/queries#where-clauses (hyper-link)]
use whereIn condition and pass the array
User::whereIn('users.id',  $array)->get();
You can use array in where clause as shown in below.
$users = \App\User::where('status', 'active')->where('logged_in', true)->get();
but if you need to OR the clauses then make sure for each orWhere() clause you repeat the must meet conditionals.
With Eloquent it is easy to create multiple where check:
First: (Use simple where)
Second: (Group your where inside an array)
inside where like this:
This is where @Heike's answer would be useful: a red filter and a stripped pattern detector (e.g., wavelet or DCT decomposition) would be a good way to turn raw pixels into a format that the classification algorithm could learn from.
It returned a high probability at a single region as shown in white below (somewhere in the top left region):
Where d8c25fde2769 is the container id.
Here is where mine is on Fedora 17:
However, I've also gotten in trouble by relying on those defaults on installations where they have specified alternate locations.
One way to find out where a particular config file is by querying the database directly:
select * from pg_settings where name='config_file'
Drop the where clause to see all the settings, which can also be illuminating because it shows where data directories, pg_hba.conf, etc.
to see where the postgresql-master is loading the config files from.
on MacOS Mojave where I used brew install postgresql to install, I found it here
I then add the main app directory to sys.path (allowing you to import the modules from anywhere) in my test runner script (which does some other stuff as well) before running all the tests.
Wherever you put your tests, I would recommend you use [nose (hyper-link)] to run them.
This way, you can put tests wherever they make the most sense organizationally.
In Python -- so far -- I've tended to either write doctests, where the test is in the docstring of a function, or put them in the if __name__ == "__main__" block at the bottom of the module.
This lets anybody reading your source code know where to look for the test code.
I end up putting my test modules somewhere beside the core modules.
As [others have pointed out (hyper-link)], this also makes it easier to refactor and to extract the code for use elsewhere should that ever be necessary.
You're looking for something that contains "m" somewhere (SQL's '%' operator is equivalent to regular expressions' '.
You can use a where statement to build any JavaScript script:
Reference: [$where (hyper-link)]
where the result is the struct instance of the sought-after type.
Where i is used for a case-insensitive fetch data.
You are using safe update mode and you tried to update a table without a WHERE that uses a KEY column To disable safe mode, toggle the option in Preferences"
The [Application (hyper-link)] object is another way though, and it is sometimes easier when dealing with the same state across multiple activities (as opposed to having to get/put it everywhere), or objects more complex than primitives and Strings.
In the first activity from where you want to send data, you should add code,
A simple example where I use a main activity from another activity instance.
That is very useful, because one time you save the value and then retrieve anywhere of activity.
//Your problem is you want to store session id after sign in and available that session id for each activity where you want to logout.
2-Now call the session variable with the class reference where you are fetching the session id value and assign it to static variable.
3-Now you can use this session id value anywhere by just calling the static variable by the
It is basically a message to OS where you describe source and destination of data flow.
In onCreate() or wherever you need it call
  getIntent().getStringExtra("SESSION_ID");
      Also make sure to check for if the intent is null and key you are passing in the intent should be same in both activities.
However, I would suggest you to use AppSharedPreferences to store
  your sessionId and get it from that wherever needed.
Another point against unnecessary disposal of resources: imagine a situation where a process is unloading.
I can't think of any types in the framework that implement IDisposable (excluding explicit interface implementations) where disposal is optional.
method; where you pass a Boolean saying if you're calling it from Dispose() (as opposed to Finalize()), meaning it's safe to free managed resources.
If those objects where not going to be needed after that call completed then setting those references to null might allow the garbage collector to collect them sooner.
This is useful for cases where a function needs to keep some state between invocations, and you don't want to use global variables.
The variable cannot be exported anywhere else.
where "translation unit is a source file after preprocessing.
Initialized static variables are stored in the data segment of the C program whereas uninitialized ones are stored in the BSS segment.
A normal or auto variable is destroyed when a function call where the variable was declared is over.
On Windows, the PGDATA directory that the [PostgresSQL docs describe (hyper-link)] is at somewhere like C:\Program Files\PostgreSQL\8.1\data.
The data for a particular database is under (for example) C:\Program Files\PostgreSQL\8.1\data\base\100929, where I guess 100929 is the database number.
To see where the data directory is, use this query.
If you want to know where all the configuration files reside then run this command in the shell
anything containing the case insensitive regex *vimrc* which means any name with vimrc (case insensitive) in it somewhere, can be preceeded or followed by anything or nothing (*)
Where is the .vimrc file?
Unfortunately, you should verify every received string as being valid UTF-8 before you try to store it or use it anywhere.
I recently discovered that using strtolower() can cause issues where the data is truncated after a special character.
Don't remember where I found it on the web, but here is what I did:
Actually I was getting this error when I was trying to host my Website on the Hosting Server where I don't have control on their Server.
I had an issue where I was putting in the override = "Allow" values (mentioned here already)......but on a x64 bit system.......my 32 notepad++ was phantom saving them.
Go to application path where you're getting deny error, right click
Here is a sample code I have written, where you can see how the live() method binds chosen elements, even newly created ones, to events:
where hasClass is
Can anyone give me a good example of when CROSS APPLY makes a difference in those cases where INNER JOIN will work as well?
Ofcourse, there are other limitations where a CROSS APPLY is better used than JOIN which other friends have posted above.
And being a separate entity can be a good (less code) or a bad (where is the code) thing.
Cross apply can be used to replace subquery's where you need a column of the subquery
There are many situations where we need to replace INNER JOIN with CROSS APPLY.
The query inside CROSS APPLY can reference the outer table, where INNER JOIN cannot do this (it throws compile error).
When finding the last two dates, joining is done inside CROSS APPLY i.e., WHERE M.ID=D.ID.
a table valued function - a conceptual view with parameters, where the parameter can refer to the left side
docker-machine scp default:/var/log/docker.log ./
Where default is the name of active your docker machine.
These are the kind of questions you need to be asking when deciding where to put the @Transactional.
In cases where all that's needed is simple CRUD operations, the web controllers operate directly on the domain object POJOs (they're functioning as entities in this context), and there's no service tier.
In cases where there's some kind of coordination needed between domain objects, you can have a service bean handle that, with @Transaction as per tradition.
But as stated before, the atomicity of an operation is what tells us where an annotation is necessary.
Thus, if you use frameworks like Hibernate, where a single "save/update/delete/...modification" operation on an object has the potential to modify several rows in several tables (because of the cascade through the object graph), of course there should also be transaction management on this specific DAO method.
However, in the mean time I also started adding @Transactional(propagation = Propagation.MANDATORY) to my DAO layer (and other layers that are not allowed to start transactions but require existing ones) because it is much easier to detect errors where you have forgotten to start a transaction in the caller (e.g.
I also have an integration test where I check all beans (bean post processor) for this annotation and fail if there is a @Transactional annotation with propagation other than Mandatory in a bean that does not belong to the services layer.
Lets assume a situations where you have N number of DAO operations in a service method.
First of all let's define where we have to use transaction?
Knowing that might help you avoid using @Transactional where it's not necessarily needed.
ActiveRecord 4.0 and above adds [where.not (hyper-link)] so you can do this:
To give credit, where it is due, this example is from [https://twitter.com/jpetazzo/status/347431091415703552 (hyper-link)].
Another method, which I got from Guillaume J. Charmes (credit where it is due):
You'll just need to access the port 9000 of the Docker engine where portainer is running using your browser.
A few years ago I had a project, where we had issues trying to set a large HTML / Text to various HTML elements.
There's one situation where an implicit is both an implicit conversion and an implicit parameter.
The following table showing where the compiler will search for implicits was taken from an excellent [presentation (hyper-link)] about implicits by Josh Suereth, which I heartily recommend to anyone wanting to improve their Scala knowledge.
As we saw, the method sorted expects an Ordering[A] (actually, it expects an Ordering[B], where B >: A).
Note: Ordering is defined as trait Ordering[T], where T is a type parameter.
The implicit looked for above is Ordering[A], where A is an actual type, not type parameter: it is a type argument to Ordering.
I wanted to find out the precedence of the implicit parameter resolution, not just where it looks for, so I wrote a blog post [revisiting implicits without import tax (hyper-link)] (and [implicit parameter precedence again (hyper-link)] after some feedback).
In cases where we have long strings there is no way!
Which could be interesting together with 'IN' and 'vars.extend(options) or n_options(len(options))', where:
You can apply the where clause afterwards, not as part of the key selector.
Just add the name of the table between DELETE and FROM from where you want to delete records, because we have to specify the table to delete.
Tail-call optimization is where you are able to avoid allocating a new stack frame for a function because the calling function will simply return the value that it gets from the called function.
The most common use is tail-recursion, where a recursive function written to take advantage of tail-call optimization can use constant stack space.
Tail recursion is easier to deal with
  because rather than having to jump to the beginning of some random
  function somewhere, you just do a goto back to the beginning of
  yourself, which is a darned simple thing to do.
This makes it vulnerable to a stack overflow error, where the call stack gets too big and runs out of space.
Where it can optimize recursive functions to avoid building up a tall call stack and hence saves the memory cost.
There are many languages who are doing TCO like (JavaScript, [Ruby (hyper-link)] and few C) whereas Python and Java do not do TCO.
where -foptimize-sibling-calls is the name of generalization of tail calls according to man gcc:
Then we take sizeof that field, so we get a size_t with the appropriate width (which will be zero in the case where e is zero).
However, you can get close, because a style set can technically go almost anywhere:
2 lines but you can re-use the class everywhere.
After installing the gems, if you want to know where a particular gem is.
The gem env lists where gems can be installed, but this can be 10 or more locations.
If you want to know where a particular gem is installed, you can execute:
in each file where you want to disable ARC.
Webpack Dev Server provides a similar solution to Browsersync - a development server where you can deploy your app rapidly as you are working on it, and verify your development progress immediately, with the dev server automatically refreshing the browser on code changes or even propagating changed code to browser without reloading with so called hot module replacement.
The important part is proxy.target, where they set server address they want to proxy, which could be [http://localhost:3000 (hyper-link)], and Browsersync starts a server listening on [http://localhost:3001 (hyper-link)], where the generated assets are served with automatic change detection and hot module replacement.
where you would be doing essentially pretty much the same things as in the starter-kit, this time with task runner, which solves some problems for you, but presents its own issues and some difficulties during learning the usage, and as I say, the more dependencies you have, the more can go wrong.
One of the main goals of ES6 modularity is to make it really simple
to install and use any Javascript library from anywhere on the
Internet (Github, npm, etc.).
Where would you use browserify?
You could use Browserify on the exact same tasks where you would use Webpack.
Running in debug mode there is a console attached, but in a production environment it is as you suspected, the message just doesn't go anywhere because nothing is listening.
I made it simple by having the code in a code block in the markup, but any console statements in your [code-behind (hyper-link)] or anywhere else in your code will show here as well.
Escaping characters depends on where the special character is used.
If
  they are needed elsewhere, they must be escaped using either numeric
  character references or the strings " &amp; " and " &lt; "
  respectively.
The problem with allowing modifications during iteration is the case where the element you are currently on is removed.
If however the element has been removed, we'll just use wherever the IAP is currently at.
Consider this code as an example where duplication occurs:
That's why you get the position of the IAP wherever it was before the loop (in this case it was at the first position).
Trying to account for modifications during iteration is where all our foreach troubles originated, so it serves to consider some examples for this case.
Consider these nested loops over the same array (where by-ref iteration is used to make sure it really is the same one):
However, there is one occasion where it results in different behavior, namely the case where the array was a reference beforehand:
Where specific formatting is required, you should write your own routine or use a library function that does what you need.
This little trick with the "where ParameterType : BaseParameterType, new" is what makes it really work.
without requiring .NET 3.5 to be installed everywhere).
"filter" => Where Filters data
  based on a criteria
In a VB.NET Web service where the parameter might not be passed through (because the partners request wasn't consistent or reliable), but had to pass validation against the proposed type (Boolean for "if is search request").
This can be useful in maintenance or upgrade scenarios where you have an updated version of your type that won't work in some old code, but you need to upgrade it to the new version.
It doesn't seem to be a feature one comes across very often, but it is in fact used in the [LINQ to XML (hyper-link)] (System.Xml.Linq) library, where you can implicitly convert strings to XName objects.
[Explicit interface member implementation (hyper-link)], wherein an interface member is implemented, but hidden unless the instance is cast to the interface type.
This can be shortened with the following, where the varying line of code is entered as a parameter to an Action object, appropriately named setAndTagChanged:
I call this AutoDebug because you can drop right into debug where and when you need based on a bool value which could also be stored as a project user setting as well.
You can see a functional and working example of using this technique in this Visual Studio C# Project Template here, where it is used heavily:
This is helpful for keeping variable declarations close to where they're used and making sure that all side-effects are explicitly declared, if there are any at all.
[AmbientValueAttribute (hyper-link)]
This is similar to DefaultValueAttribute, but instead of providing the value that a property defaults to, it provides the value that a property uses to decide whether to request its value from somewhere else.
So if you have some cases where a Date is given and other cases where no Date is given I think this is best to use and IMHO easier to understand as using DateTime.MinValue or anything else...
I realize that this forces you to have a public parameterless constructor on your singleton subclass but there is no way to avoid that at compile time without a where T: protected new() construct; however one can use [reflection (hyper-link)] to invoke the protected/private parameterless constructor of the sub-class at runtime to achieve that.
where you might think you would have to write:
Basically when a physical path is used to assign in a string variable everybody uses '\' where escape character is present in a string.
Which gives you fully type inferred factory methods everywhere!
Dictionary initializers are always useful for quick hacks and unit tests where you need to hardcode some data.
I just want to mention (because of the OP metioning where T : struct) that one of the C# compiler gotchas is that
[Here's a context where it's useful (hyper-link)]
It generates an id and "attaches" to the object so wherever you look at the object you will also see the id (regardless of the thread).
{ anywhere inside members }, { using only braces }, { with no control statement }.
There are many cases where I don't need to check if my Dictionary already has a key or not and I just want to add the respective key/value pair (overwriting the existing key/value pair, if necessary.)
So when in order for the UIScrollview to scroll anywhere, the contentSize must be greater than the UIScrollView.
When the keyboard hides, it animates the view back where it was.
It also didn't account for landscapes, which is where I got into trouble to begin with.
Last note about this implementation: If you push another view controller onto the stack while the keyboard is shown, this will create an error where the view is returned back to its center frame but keyboard offset is not reset.
Code for it will repeat in every class where the text fields exist.
But this approach needs to add on every controller where ever UIView need to shifts .
.Always : ODScrollView always adjusts the UITextInput which is placed anywhere in the ODScrollView regardless UITextInput overlaps or not with shown keyboard.
extern tells the compiler to trust you that the memory for this variable is declared elsewhere, so it doesnt try to allocate/check memory.
Therefore, you can compile a file that has reference to an extern, but you can not link if that memory is not declared somewhere.
Using extern is only of relevance when the program you're building
consists of multiple source files linked together, where some of the
variables defined, for example, in source file file1.c need to be
referenced in other source files, such as file2.c.
Both C99 and C11 require functions to be declared or defined before they
are used (whereas C90 did not, for good reasons).
If an identifier declared with external linkage is used in an
expression (other than as part of the operand of a sizeof or
_Alignof operator whose result is an integer constant), somewhere in
the entire program there shall be exactly one external definition for
the identifier; otherwise, there shall be no more than
one.161)
But a program that relies on multiple definitions of an extern variable
— with or without the explicit 'extern' keyword — is not a strictly
conforming program and not guaranteed to work everywhere.
It works reliably and everywhere.
When encountering an extern, the compiler can only find out its type, not where it "lives", so it can't resolve the reference.
extern is used to let other C files or external components know this variable is already defined somewhere.
Example: if  you are building a library, no need to define global variable mandatorily somewhere in library itself.
extern simply means a variable is defined elsewhere (e.g., in another file).
If you're unable to locate node just run whereis node and whereis npm and whereis nvm and you can remove the listed directories as needed.
Search where node files are with find / -name 'node' | sed -E 's|/[^/]+$||' |sort -u
Where 7cceb02 is the beginning part of the commit id.
Put your data and code wherever you think they go.
Put it somewhere that seems to work for you.
Don't put any code in them except an import of and call to a main function defined somewhere else in your projects.
Considering that on POSIX the .py extension is a only a wart, whereas on Windows the lack is an actual bug, if your userbase includes Windows users, you may want to opt to just have the .py extension everywhere.)
As you can see, there are some top level files, a docs directory (generated is an empty directory where sphinx will put the generated documentation), a sandman directory, and a test directory under sandman.
One common situation is where you have to use a locally-modified version of someone else's library).
Where do you put the source?
Where do you put application startup scripts?
Where do you put the IDE project cruft?
Where do you put the unit/acceptance tests?
Where do you put non-Python data such as config files?
This data goes into the corresponding egg directory, somewhere within package namespace.
Where do you put non-Python sources such as C++ for pyd/so binary extension modules?
I found out that jasmine-reporters wasn't resolving the savePath correctly and was actually putting the reports folder output in jasmine-reporters directory instead of the root directory of where I ran gulp.
In order to make this work correctly I ended up using process.env.INIT_CWD to get the initial Current Working Directory which should be the directory where you ran gulp.
Node.js 10 supports [ECMAScript modules (hyper-link)], where [__dirname and __filename are no longer available (hyper-link)].
The only difference I found between pickle and json is pickle file is a binary file, where as json is a usual text file.
The rules in these nested .gitignore files apply only to the files under the directory where they are located.
I think all the answers here are relevant however if, like me, you are looking for where Visual Studio takes the template from when it creates a new version of the applicationHost.config then you can look here:
Where do you want to see the output?
find /usr/ -path "*/nginx/*" -type f -name '*.log', where /usr/ is the folder you wish to start searching from.
It is a good practice to set where the access log should be in nginx configuring file .
For example consider the points A(10,10) B(20,20) C(10,1) D(1,10) gives h=.5 and yet it is clear by examination that these segments are no-where near each other.
Where the cross product of two vectors in 2D returns a single scalar.
This is how I calculate the intersection (I don't know anymore where I found this code snippet)
If you need to calculate the line slopes, y-intercepts, or x-intercepts for use elsewhere in your code, you'll be making those calculations redundantly.
The Postgres server doesn't need to know what file you're copying to, it just spits out the data and the client puts it somewhere.
Both of these options require subsequent file movement if psql is not executing on the system where you want the resultant CSV to ultimately reside.
defining groups:
[code snippet]
Add up the values in x within each subgroup defined by y:
[code snippet]
More complex examples can be handled where the subgroups are defined
by the unique combinations of a list of several factors.
tapply is a tagged apply where the tags identify the subsets
The difference is that mapply will apply the function to the first two elements and then the second two etc, whereas outer will apply the function to every combination of one element from the first vector and one from the second.
If you still can't find it check the bottom of your httpd.conf file and see where your virtual hosts are included.
whereever you want it to, if you set it your function call:
error_log($errorMessageforLog .
It appears that by default php does not log errors anywhere, the error_log key in php.ini is commented out in all the install's I've seen.
The default value doesn't give a full path, only a file name, I don't know where this path resolves to normally.
check "php phpinfo()" file where log store.
whereis apache
whereis apache2
On cPanel search bar, search Error, it will show Error Pages which are basically lists of different http error pages and other Error is where the error logs are displayed.
A definitive guide on where php error log is stored would be a complicated bit of work.
Until someone takes the time to write a complete, cross-system guide, the best you are going to get is general directions where  you can inquire.
If the output from phpinfo() shows a full path to a file, that is where the log is.
A common location is /var/log/syslog, but it can be anywhere.
If you don't want line numbers shown all the time another way to find the line number of a piece of code is to just click in the left-most margin and create a breakpoint (a small blue arrow appears) then go to the breakpoint navigator (⌘7) where it will list the breakpoint with its line number.
There is at least one textual difference in section 6.5.7 (previously 3.5.7), where "a list" became "a brace-enclosed list".
There is an online HTML version of the standard incorporating the corrigenda at [https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799.2016edition/ (hyper-link)] - though, again, I have had situations where the site's own search box wasn't good for finding information.
I believe this is an easier way of knowing where your IIS logs are, rather than just assuming a default location:
Answer by @jishi tells where the logs are by default.
The choices are:
  always, daily (default), interval:X (where X is an integer in minutes)
  or never.
Your error message contains a URL of where it is searching, so go there, and then browse to the folder that matches your dependency.
where -U will force update the repo
...where lastModified is the (local file) "modified timestamp" of an/each underlying artifact.
In
  Tunisia, where censorship was severe before the 2011 revolution,
  people became aware of the nature of the fake 404 errors and created
  an imaginary character named "Ammar 404" who represents "the invisible
  censor".
Now since your image is in a file somewhere (or may even be coming from an external server), it is YOUR responsibility to cache the decoded bitmap instance to be reused any where it is needed.
That lead me to another discussion thread where I found a couple more solutions to this problem.
There is only one possible scenario where I can imagine that the OOM will appear, and that is if we download many, really big images, and before they get scaled and put into cache, will simultaneously take up more memory and cause an OOM.
For SQL, that's not only harmless but probably improves the readability anywhere you see the string - but in other places it may not be required, in which case you'd either need to not use a multi-line verbatim string literal to start with, or remove them from the resulting string.
If git.exe is indeed in your %PATH% (that is, if you can type a git --version in a DOS windows), then which git.exe will tell you where.
[Jonny Leeds (hyper-link)] comments [below (hyper-link)] that you also can use where git.exe
(except with Powershell, for you need to use where.exe git.exe, instead of the [PowerShell command where (hyper-link)])
If not, don't forget you can install git wherever you want, with the [portable version of msysgit (hyper-link)].
On Windows, you can use the built in "where" instead of "which" (which is for Linux).
So, where git will tell you the location of git assuming that it is in the system path.
A window should pop up, showing you where the file is.
C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\GitHub\PortableGit_<random hash>\cmd\git.exe is where my git.exe is located on Windows 10, Git version 2.10.0.0
Python's all for making things explicit, making it obvious what's what, and although it doesn't do it entirely everywhere, it does do it for instance attributes.
An example of where it’s useful:
Another way of understanding the need for the explicit self is to see where Python adds some syntactical sugar.
it is easy to see where the self fits in.
And therefore, you’ll have to place the instance parameter somewhere explicitly.
but when using it, for example to delete the object, you have to use the same name: __del__(var), where var was used in the __init__(var,[...])
Python is designed to allow methods or functions to be defined in a context where both implicit this (a-la Java/C++) or explicit @ (a-la ruby) wouldn't work.
The alternative would be to execute method's with a replaced global scope (where self is the object).
The needle in a haystack approach using replace and division yields 21+ seconds whereas this takes about 15.2.
WHERE will filter after the JOIN has occurred.
I prefer the JOIN to join full tables/Views and then use the WHERE To introduce the predicate of the resulting set.
The relational algebra allows interchangeability of the predicates in the WHERE clause and the INNER JOIN, so even INNER JOIN queries with WHERE clauses can have the predicates rearrranged by the optimizer so that they may already be excluded during the JOIN process.
Sometimes this includes making the INNER JOIN relatively "incomplete" and putting some of the criteria in the WHERE simply to make the lists of filtering criteria more easily maintainable.
When I first learned about joins, i was told that conditions in joins are just like where clause conditions and that i could use them interchangeably if the where clause was specific about which table to do the condition on.
However where you put the condition makes a huge difference if you are using left or right joins.
The results set is very different depending on where you put the condition.
Then you use the where clause for the condition not the join.
So you can see that AND clause is doing a filter before JOIN while the WHERE clause is doing a filter after JOIN.
In insert into test values (1, '1,2,3') ; the following will output rows from table texts where T_ID IN (1,2,3):
We can use this "WHERE id IN" clause if we filter the input array properly.
now you should safely use $query = "SELECT * FROM galleries WHERE id IN ({$galleryIds})";
You should use out in preference wherever it suffices for your requirements.
Where to use Ref: when we are calling a procedure with an in parameter and the same parameter will be used to store the output of that proc.
Where to use Out: when we are calling a procedure with no in parameter and teh same param will be used to return the value from that proc.
in has some peculiarities, and in some cases such as where an implicit conversion might be required to make your short compatible with an in int the compiler will temporarily make an int, widen your short to it, pass it by reference and finish up.
I do have specific requirement where I required to use enum with text associated with enum value.
Please note though that you can't use generic restriction like where T : Enum because Enum is special type.
Please note that you still should define type constraints "where T : struct, IConvertible" on your type.
If it's ok to use direct casting afterwards, I guess you can use the System.Enum base class in your method, wherever necessary.
It avoids having to specify the type anywhere in code - instead, you specify it in the strings you are trying to parse.
To know where Python is installed you can execute where python in your cmd.exe.
Hit enter and you will get path where your python is installed ...
Fortunately, typing path at the windows path let me find where I had installed it.
If you use anaconda navigator on windows, you can go too enviornments and scroll over the enviornments, the root enviorment will indicate where it is installed.
It can help if you want to use this enviorment when you need to connect this to other applications, where you want to integrate some python code.
where python
So it is my advice to use IQueryable only within repositories and IEnumerable anywhere else in the code.
But it makes sense (and that's why even [MSDN (hyper-link)] put it this way) to think of IEnumerables as in-memory collections whereas IQueryables as expression trees.
So, all table records are loaded into memory as objects, and then with each .Where() it will be another filter in memory against these objects.
In cases where the you are accessing related entities, you may still require a data context.
Where(), Sum(), Count(), FirstOrDefault(), etc all have two versions: one that accepts functions and one that accepts expressions.
The IEnumerable version signature is: Where(Func<Customer, bool> predicate)
The IQueryable version signature is: Where(Expression<Func<Customer, bool>> predicate)
Where(x => x.City == "<City>") works on both IEnumerable and IQueryable
When using Where() on an IEnumerable collection, the compiler passes a compiled function to Where()
When using Where() on an IQueryable collection, the compiler passes an expression tree to Where().
I just want Where() to filter my data.
The main reason is that both the EF and Linq2SQL ORMs can convert expression trees directly into SQL where your code will execute much faster.
In this case the select query will be generated as select top 10 * from Customer where name like ‘Nimal%’.
But if we used IEnumerable, the query would be like select * from Customer where name like ‘Nimal%’ and the top ten will be filtered at the C# coding level (it gets all the customer records from the database and passes them into C#).
The main difference between “IEnumerable” and “IQueryable” is about where the filter logic is executed.
For example, we can consider an example where we have 10,000 records for a user in our database and let's say only 900 out which are active users, so in this case if we use “IEnumerable” then first it loads all 10,000 records in memory and then applies the IsActive filter on it which eventually returns the 900 active users.
when you click anywhere in the explorer tree and start typing something on the keyboard, the search keyword appears in the top right corner of the screen : ("module.ts")
Here you will see a field to add compiler options where you plug in --stacktrace
The Run tool window should open automatically, where you'll see details about the cause of the build error:
This is part of the Generics mechanism, where the where keyword add constraints to what types must implement in order to be used as type parameters.
[where (C# Reference) (hyper-link)]
where T : struct
where T : class
where T : new()
The type argument must have a public parameterless constructor.
where T : [base class name]
where T : [interface name]
where T : U
What comes after the "Where" is a constraint on the generic type T you declared, so:
Well, you have to save the token somewhere, when you don't want to type it each time your app asks for it :-)
But you still have to set the environment variable somewhere.
But I need the token for development as well, because the project has integration tests where I'm calling the GitHub API.
Half the point of passwords is that (ideally) you memorize them and the system hashes them, so therefore they're never stored anywhere in plain text.
That differs from your password, which is unique to your account, and cannot be easily changed without having to also modify it everywhere you happen to use it.
I use a password manager ([https://bitwarden.com/ (hyper-link)]) to store the [PAT (Personal Access Token) (hyper-link)] then copy it in for the first use, where it is then cached.
where javac
In windows the default is: C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_14 (where the numbers may differ, as they're the version).
where java
In Windows PowerShell you can use the Get-Command function to see where Java is installed:
SQL NULL's special, and you have to do WHERE field IS NULL, as NULL cannot be equal to anything,
Had the same issue where query:
If you can crash the method, you'll get a backtrace which will tell you exactly where it is.
Unfortunately, if you can't crash it then you can't find out where it has been defined.
Pass nil where it forbids it - a lot of the time the method will raise an ArgumentError or the ever-present NoMethodError on a nil class.
You can always get a backtrace of where you are by using caller().
This is really late, but here's how you can find where a method is defined:
The [Method class (hyper-link)] has some neat functions, too, like [Method#owner (hyper-link)] which returns the file where the method is defined.
[ruby where_is module (hyper-link)]
Maybe the #source_location can help to find where is the method come from.
given that you have an object with the name in a property called item, and the schema in a property called schema where the source variable name is a
Just wanted to mention one situation where it would probably be a little easier to use the OBJECT_ID method.
You also have to consider special cases where the string is empty or simply a bunch of spaces.
Here's a solution easy to understand for beginners not used to write std:: everywhere and not yet familiar with const-correctness, iterators, STL algorithms, etc...
This will remove any whitespace character from anywhere in the string and return a new copy of the string.
Why is it that you need to place columns you create yourself (for example "select 1 as number") after HAVING and not WHERE in MySQL?
WHERE is applied before GROUP BY, HAVING is applied after (and can filter on aggregates).
And are there any downsides instead of doing "WHERE 1" (writing the whole definition instead of a column name)
If your calculated expression does not contain any aggregates, putting it into the WHERE clause will most probably be more efficient.
The main difference is that WHERE cannot be used on grouped item (such as SUM(number)) whereas HAVING can.
The reason is the WHERE is done before the grouping and HAVING is done after the grouping is done.
Error #1054 - Unknown column 'v' in 'where clause'
WHERE clause allows a condition to use any table column, but it cannot use aliases or aggregate functions.
This is because WHERE clause filters data before select, but HAVING clause filters resulting data after select.
So put the conditions in WHERE clause will be more efficient if you have many many rows in a table.
You can see either WHERE or HAVING uses index, but the rows are different.
Though we can use ‘having’ in place of ‘where’ in any case, there are instances when we can’t use ‘where’ instead of ‘having’.
This is because in a select query, ‘where’ filters data before ‘select’ while ‘having’ filter data after ‘select’.
So, when we use alias names that are not actually in the database, ‘where’ can’t identify them but ‘having’ can.
Having is only used with aggregation but where with non aggregation statements
If you have where word put it before aggregation (group by)
WHERE filters before data is grouped, and HAVING filters after data is grouped.
This is an important distinction; rows that are
  eliminated by a WHERE clause will not be included in the group.
HAVING is so similar to WHERE that most DBMSs treat them as the same
  thing if no GROUP BY is specified.
Use WHERE for standard row-level filtering.
To answer it as it-is, where is this length property of array defined?
I tend to use git rebase -i head~N (where N is a number, allowing you to manipulate the last N commits) for this kind of operations.
These are examples where erlang shines.
So one spot where it may not be well suited is CPU intensive scenarios.
Can be done using numpy where() function:
This is a very common technique in a WHERE clause.
If you want to apply some "IF" logic in the WHERE clause all you need to do is add the extra condition with an boolean AND to the section where it needs to be applied.
I think that where...like/=...case...then... can work with Booleans.
I prefer the newer syntax rather than the mixing of the join criteria with other needed where conditions.
Oracle's optimizer can get confused if a view uses a "join" statement, but a query accessing the view uses the traditional method of joining in the "where" clause.
A third effect is an easier to read SQL with a simpler WHERE-condition.
And the execution plan for the query using a WHERE clause.
I have come accros the query wich has different execution plans when moving join predicate from JOIN to WHERE in Oracle 10g (for WHERE plan is better), but I can't reproduce this issue in simplified tables and data.
i had this conundrum today when inspecting one of our sp's timing out in production, changed an inner join on a table built from an xml feed to a 'where' clause instead....average exec time is now 80ms over 1000 executions, whereas before average exec was 2.2 seconds...major difference in the execution plan is the dissapearance of a key lookup...
In a scenario where tables are in 3rd normal form, joins between tables shouldn't change.
They're both joins and where that do the same thing.
Give a look at [In MySQL queries, why use join instead of where?
These errors can be quite hard to detect in long queries using multiple joins of type : SELECT * FROM t1, t2 WHERE t1.id=t2.some_field.
where someuser is your user you're connecting as and database is the database your user has permission to connect to.
You can use the following command while in a psql session to show where your config files are being read (assuming you can launch psql).
You should also make sure that the home directory for your postgres user is where you expect it to be.
The standard location is pg_hba.conf within the data_directory of the database (which could be in /home, /var/lib/pgsql, /var/lib/postgresql/[version]/, /opt/postgres/, etc etc etc) but users and packagers can put it wherever they like.
The only valid ways find pg_hba.conf is to ask a running PostgreSQL instance where it's pg_hba.conf is, or ask the sysadmin where it is.
You can't even rely on asking where the datadir is and parsing postgresql.conf because an init script might passed a param like -c hba_file=/some/other/path when starting Pg.
You can ask pg_wrapper, the Debian/Ubuntu multi-version Pg manager, where PostgreSQL is using the pg_lsclusters command from pg_wrapper.
If you have more than one data directory for the same PostgreSQL version you'll have to look at database size, check the command line of the running postgres from ps to see if it's data directory -D argument matches where you're editing, etc.
That is an important principle to remember when it comes to things like design patterns where you need to use interfaces to achieve a composition of behaviors instead of an inheritance.
Indeed, there is a C++ idiom called the Non-Virtual Interface (NVI) where  the public methods are non-virtual methods that 'thunk' to private virtual methods:
Interfaces can be injected using any Dependency Injection tools where as Abstract class injection supported by very few.
Finally I would add one more point to those mentioned above - abstract classes are still classes and fall in a single inheritance tree whereas interfaces can be present in multiple inheritance.
Basically any class, abstract or not, is about what it is, whereas an interface is about how you use it.
Abstract Class : should be used where you want to have some basic or default behaviour or implementation for components related to each other
As you might have got the theoretical knowledge from the experts, I am not spending much words in repeating all those here, rather let me explain with a simple example where we can use/cannot use Interface and Abstract class.
So interfaces have a real architectural role whereas abstract classes are almost only a detail of implementation (if you use it correctly of course).
Also, actually some languages are reducing, even more, the differences between an interface and an abstract... if by chance one day the two terms operate almost identically, at least you can define yourself where (and why) should any of them be used for.
Abstract class deals with efficiently packaging the class functionality whereas interface is for intention/contract/communication and is supposed to be shared with other classes/modules.
So in this case it's useless, but if you omit a WHERE statement, it can be a good idea to use WHERE 1=1 to remind you that you chose NOT to use a WHERE clause.
When you add and value = "Toyota" you don't have to worry about whether there is a condition before or just WHERE.
So they can now add something to the where clause with
If you add a OR where 1=1 statement to some SQL then it's going to return all the results due to the inherent truthiness of the expression.
Generated SQL: It's easier to create a generate a complex where statement if you don't have to work out if you're adding the first condition or not, so often a 1=1 is put at the beginning, and all other conditions can be appended with an And
Debugging: Sometimes you see people put in a 1=1 at the top of a where condition as it enables them to freely chop and change the rest of the conditions when debugging a query.
the 1=1 where condition is always true because always 1 is equal 1 , so this statement will be always true.
but other times developers uses this when the where condition is generated dynamically.
so in the above example if the $_REQUEST['cond'] is not "age" the query will return mysql error because there are nothing after the where condition.
the query will be select * from some_table where  and that is error
so now if the $_REQUEST['cond'] is not age the $wherecond will be 1=1 so the query will not have mysql error return.
the query will be select * from some_table where 1=1 and that avoid the mysql error
Then, instead of counting the number of conditions you're passing in, you place a "WHERE 1=1" at the end of your stock SQL statement and throw on the concatenated conditions.
Most of time developer use these type of query if he is developing a query builder type application or building some complex SQL query so along with the select statement string add a conditional clause Where 1=1, and in program no need to add any check for it.
The where clause is filtering away rows where the left join doesn't succeed.
Criteria against an OUTER JOINed table provided in the WHERE clause is applied after the JOIN is made.
In comparison, it doesn't matter for INNER JOINs if the criteria is provided in the ON or WHERE clauses -- the result will be the same.
The subquery is allowed to return null, so you don't have to worry about JOIN/WHERE in the main query.
I was having same problem where I wanted to run my react app on port 3000 and storybook on port 6006 both in the same containers.
Incase you're looping the OR conditions, you don't need the the second $query->where from the other posts (actually I don't think you need in general, you can just use orWhere in the nested where if easier)
primary key) in the where clause.
Or you can modify your query to follow the rule (use primary key in where clause).
You can drive a car without safety belts and other things if you know what I mean ;)
Just add in the WHERE clause a KEY-value that matches everything like a primary-key comparing to 0, so instead of writing:
Well golly -- if I am always adding where key <> 0 to get around the safe update check, or even set SQL_SAFE_UPDATE=0, then I've lost the 'check' on my query.
If you are in a safe mode, you need to provide id in where clause.
It is helpful for cases when you might have issued a DELETE FROM tbl_name statement but
  forgotten the WHERE clause.
You are using safe update mode and you tried to update a table without a WHERE that uses a KEY column To disable safe mode, toggle the option in Preferences -> SQL Editor and reconnect.
Eg: UPDATE [table name] SET Empty_Column = 'Value'  WHERE
[primary key column name] = value;
If you're having this problem in a stored procedure and you aren't able to use the key in the WHERE clause, you can solve this by declaring a variable that will hold the limit of the rows that should be updated and then use it in the update/delete query.
Experimenting, I found a solution using <div…/> but an obvious solution is to place your own anchor point in the page wherever you like, thus:
anywhere in the document takes you there.
Alternatively, you can include an optional label of your choosing to help disambiguate cases where multiple headers have the same title:
And for just about everywhere else decimal or hexadecimal can be used for modern browsers; the cheat-sheet from [w3schools (hyper-link)] is purdy handy, especially if using CSS ::before or ::after pseudo-elements with symbols is more your style.
... where as vanilla sanitation would result in an id of...
Where My Section is the name of the section
Otherwise, it will be located at the folder where you installed your Android SDK/platform-tools folder.
Open a cmd window and type where adb.exe
This was where I found it on my computer.
The HAVING clause was added to SQL because the WHERE keyword could not be used with aggregate functions.
as opposed to the WHERE clause which is applied to database rows
WHERE: is used to check conditions before the aggregation takes place.
WHERE is applied as a limitation on the set returned by SQL; it uses SQL's built-in set oeprations and indexes and therefore is the fastest way to filter result sets.
Always use WHERE whenever possible.
Therefore, it is much slower than WHERE and should be avoided except in those situations that require it.
SQL Server will let you get away with using HAVING even when WHERE would be much faster.
In an Aggregate query, (Any query Where an aggregate function is used) Predicates in a where clause are evaluated before the aggregated intermediate result set is generated,
That's why predicate conditions on aggregate values must be placed in Having clause, not in the Where clause, and why you can use aliases defined in the Select clause in a Having Clause, but not in a Where Clause.
I had a problem and found out another difference between WHERE and HAVING.
WHERE my_indexed_row = 123 will show rows and automatically perform a "ORDER ASC" on other indexed rows.
Now consider for a moment removing WHERE from the language.
DUAL in Oracle) using the ON clause to simulate the prior WHERE clause.
TL;DR we could lose HAVING tomorrow and things would be no worse, possibly better, but the same cannot be said of WHERE.
But WHERE is for checking condition while query runs.
SELECT userid, sum(dailyincome) FROM usertable WHERE
  sum(dailyincome)>100 GROUP BY userid
WHERE comes before GROUP BY; SQL evaluates the WHERE clause before it groups records.
WHERE clause is used for comparing values in the base table, whereas the HAVING clause can be used for filtering the results of aggregate functions in the result set of the query
Click [here (hyper-link)]!
WHERE clause does not work for aggregate functions
means : you should not use like this 
bonus : table name
HERE Instead of using WHERE clause you have to use HAVING..
without using GROUP BY clause, HAVING clause just works as WHERE clause
When GROUP BY is not used, the WHERE and HAVING clauses are essentially equivalent.
The WHERE clause is used to filter records from a result.
One way to think of it is that the having clause is an additional filter to the where clause.
A WHERE clause is used filters records from a result.
Difference b/w WHERE and HAVING clause:
The main difference between WHERE and HAVING clause is, WHERE is used for row operations and HAVING is used for column operations.
As we know, aggregate functions can only be performed on columns, so we can not use aggregate functions in WHERE clause.
When GROUP BY is not used, the WHERE and HAVING clauses are essentially equivalent.
The WHERE clause is used to filter records from a result.
You should note that the HelloWorld.class shows up in your current directory (this is cause we've mapped the current directory to the location inside the container where our code exists
Why doesn't Oracle's installer put it where it really goes?
You can just go to the place where the screen session is housed and run:
-- doing so, it can't possibly fail, but I don't know if your way has any chance of failing, just now I can't think up a scenario, where it actually would fail ...
You can paste it anywhere: just change the number of required args and variables
The only scenario where this isn't optimal is when you actually have optional parameters that are meant to be booleans or intentional null.
Only case where it incorrectly assigns default value is when we pass undefined as parameter.
In all cases where optionalArg is falsy you will end up with defaultValue.
It forces you to duplicate this logic anywhere you want to show a notification.
Notice that since we “taught” Redux to recognize such “special” action creators (we call them [thunk (hyper-link)] action creators), we can now use them in any place where we would use regular action creators.
For some apps, you may find yourself in a situation where your asynchronous control flow requirements are too complex to be expressed with thunks.
The SAM pattern advocates for including a "next-action-predicate" where (automatic) actions such as "notifications disappear automatically after 5 seconds" are triggered once the model has been updated (SAM model ~ reducer state + store).
After trying the various popular approaches (action creators, thunks, sagas, epics, effects, custom middleware), I still felt that maybe there was room for improvement so I documented my journey in this blog article, [Where do I put my business logic in a React/Redux application?
I have a more advanced notification example in my repo that works similar to what Sebastian Lorber described where you could limit the display to N items and rotate through any that queued up.
Anyway, there should be some setTimeout somewhere, right?
Since COUNT is an aggregate function, you can't use it in a WHERE clause.
WHERE clause introduces a condition on individual rows; HAVING clause introduces a condition on aggregations, i.e.
results of selection where a single result, such as count, average, min, max, or sum, has been produced from multiple rows.
As a rule of thumb, use WHERE before GROUP BY and HAVING after GROUP BY.
This would eliminate WHERE that was used as a theta join condition.
You can not use where clause with aggregate functions because where fetch records on the basis of condition, it goes into table record by record and then fetch record on the basis of condition we have give.
So that time we can not where clause.
WHERE clause can be used with SELECT, INSERT, and UPDATE statements, whereas HAVING can be used only with SELECT statement.
WHERE filters rows before aggregation (GROUP BY), whereas HAVING filter groups after aggregations are performed.
Aggregate function cannot be used in WHERE clause unless it is in a subquery contained in HAVING clause, whereas aggregate functions can be used in HAVING clause.
We can use aggregate function with HAVING clause not by WHERE clause e.g.
WHERE clause eliminates the record tuple by tuple
HAVING clause eliminates entire group from the collection of group
Mostly HAVING is used when you have groups of data and WHERE is used when you have data in rows.
The companyId was not needed in the aggregation but we were able to use WHERE to filter out just the rows we wanted before using GROUP BY.
First we should know the order of execution of Clauses i.e
FROM > WHERE > GROUP BY > HAVING > DISTINCT > SELECT > ORDER BY.
Since WHERE Clause gets executed before GROUP BY Clause the records cannot be filtered by applying WHERE to a GROUP BY applied records.
"HAVING is same as the WHERE clause but is applied on grouped records".
first the WHERE clause fetches the records based on the condition then the GROUP BY clause groups them accordingly and then the HAVING clause fetches the group records based on the having condition.
WHERE clause is used to eliminate the tuples in a relation,and HAVING clause is used to eliminate the groups in a relation.
The short version is that there is a big difference between directly running a Python file, and importing that file from somewhere else.
It doesn't matter where the file actually is on disk.
it is set to 'main') then relative imports are resolved as if the module were a top level module, regardless of where the module is actually located on the file system.
Relative imports use the module's name to determine where it is in a package.
Note that this will also happen if you run Python from the same directory where a module is, and then try to import that module, because, as described above, Python will find the module in the current directory "too early" without realizing it is part of a package.
If that is the case, put myfile.py somewhere else – not inside the package directory – and run it.
Here is one solution that I would not recommend, but might be useful in some situations where modules were simply not generated:
I had a similar problem where I didn't want to change the Python module search 
path and needed to load a module relatively from a script (in spite of "scripts can't import relative with all" as BrenBarn explained nicely above).
Here's a general recipe, modified to fit as an example, that I am using right now for dealing with Python libraries written as packages, that contain interdependent files, where I want to be able to test parts of them piecemeal.
(See [Lars' answer (hyper-link)] for a case where we do need it, when we have two or more levels of package directories, and then we use os.path.dirname(os.path.dirname(__file__))—but it doesn't really hurt here either.)
This is where a deeper package nesting structure, where we want to do from ..otherlib.fileC import ..., makes a difference.
it is set to 'main') then relative imports are resolved as if the module were a top level module, regardless of where the module is actually located on the file system.
[https://pypi.org/project/import-anywhere/ (hyper-link)]
So after carping about this along with many others, I came across a note posted by [Dorian B (hyper-link)] in this [article (hyper-link)] that solved the specific problem I was having where I would develop modules and classes for use with a web service, but I also want to be able to test them as I'm coding, using the debugger facilities in PyCharm.
Such files where you are applying relative importing to parents can only work with the application of absolute import.
If you run .py file as a script, it simply doesn't know where the top level is and thus refuses to work.
If you start it like this py -m package.module from the directory above package, then python knows where the top level is.
Now based on where you want to import a module from, add the following line and modify the dots before each import.
I copiped .git folder and .gitignore file and pasted in the code folder where I had made code changes.
Where hhhhhhhh-hhhh-hhhh-hhhh-hhhhhhhhhhhh is some hex string identifying your iOS app.
To Open the dictories where you App are that you build in xCode on the simulators, do the following:
The Documents folder is where the user generated content which gets backup up onto iCloud
way to find where your app data is without Terminal:
One of the most easy ways to find where the app is within the simulator.
Apply breakpoint anywhere within the app and run the app.
"booted" can be substituted to most simctl commands anywhere a device UDID is expected.
Catch a Breakpoint somewhere.
I would pass a table type parameter (since it's [SQL Server 2008 (hyper-link)]), and do a where exists, or inner join.
This has a bit of added flexibility in what you can do, but it's more suited for situations where you have a large table to query, with good indexing, and you want to use the parametrized list more than once.
A function where ?
But where else to leave this note concerning what I consider to be an important issue with the "selected" answer for a question?
I have seen the split functions take longer to execute than the query themselves in many cases where the parameters get large.
I have also seen stored procedures that had 500 parameters with default values of null, and having WHERE Column1 IN (@Param1, @Param2, @Param3, ..., @Param500).
SELECT * FROM Test where Data IN (SELECT Value FROM TABLE)
Here is the code for the UDF (I got it from Stack Overflow somewhere, i can't find the source right now)
For more details have a look at  this blog post - [Parameterized SQL WHERE IN clause c# (hyper-link)]
Create a temp table where names are stored, and then use the following query:
You'll want to use the WHERE EXISTS syntax instead.
Why use WHERE EXISTS or DERIVED TABLES when you can just do a normal inner join:
Note:
Oracle ignores rows where one or more of the selected columns is NULL.
Example of where inner/outer join solution would not work:
If you ever want to select from a different table, or change the where statement, it is an increased risk that you create inconsistencies in your logic.
My solution is to get use of the new docker cp, which is now able to copy data out from containers, not matter if it's running or not and share a host volume to the exact same location where the database application is creating its database files inside the container.
Plus I exposed a folder from the host as a volume to the exact same location where the database is stored:
Use a Docker volume plugin that backs an external/third-party service

Docker volume plugins allow your datasource to come from anywhere - NFS, AWS (S3, EFS, and EBS)
Depending on the plugin/service, you can attach single or multiple containers to a single volume.
I think COALESCE() is SQL standard(-ish), whereas ISNULL() is not.
Using a criteria where the character length is greater than 0, will avoid false positives when the column values can be falsey, such as in the event of an integer column with a value of 0 or NULL.
So logic will be select the elements inside the div where the images are located.
You can really put it anywhere as long as your web project references the assembly that it is in.
Our convention is that each "layer" (web, services, data) has a single file called AutoMapperXConfiguration.cs, with a single method called Configure(), where X is the layer.
Now you can place your mapping classes where they make sense to you and not worry about one monolithic mapping class.
All of above solutions provide a static method to call (from app_start or any where) that it should call other methods to configure parts of mapping-configuration.
I suggest using WebActivator library that can register some methods to run on app_pre_start and app_post_start any where:
If you changed the defaults, you can see where the build directory is by going to File->Workspace Settings then look at Build Location
With a project previously created in Xcode3, I see an intermediate directory under build/ called Foo.build where Foo is my project's name, and then in that are the directories you'd expect (Debug-iphonesimulator, Release-iphoneos, etc, assuming you've done a build of that type) containing the object files and products.
My fix: add scripts to the project to copy the built files to wherever you like.
This example is for a framework project, so it copies the whole framework directory to the project directory (where your .xcodeproj file lives).
While there is the technical difference with respect to guards that ephemient pointed out, there is also a conceptual difference in whether you want to put the main formula upfront with extra variables defined below (where) or whether you want to define everything upfront and put the formula below (let).
Things in the where clause can refer only to the parameters of the function f (there are none) and things in outer scopes.
2: To use a where in the first example, you can introduce a second named function
that takes the x as a parameter, like this:
4: When to use let or where is a matter of taste.
I use let to emphasize a computation (by moving it to the front) and where to emphasize the program flow (by moving the computation to the back).
let is an expression so you can put a let anywhere(!)
where expressions can go.
In other words, in the example above it is not possible to use where to simply replace let (without perhaps using some more verbose case expression combined with where).
where is just a syntactic construct (not a sugar) that are useful only at function definitions.
let ... in is an expression itself, thus you can use them wherever you can put an expression.
It doesn't matter that it "looks more like English" or not; everyone uses it, which means every user of Python--even Chinese users, whose language Python looks nothing like--will understand it at a glance, where the slightly less common syntax will take a couple extra brain cycles to parse.
Add this code anywhere at any time to make checkboxes readonly work as assumed, by preventing the user from modifying it in any way.
However, if you sometimes have to log in to a remote machine where you can't modify the config file, you could use a more simple but faster to type version:
gitk is great, but forces me to leave the shell session for another window, whereas displaying the last n commits quickly is often enough.
Just run 'gitg' on the command line from somewhere inside your repository's tree structure (same with gitx).
This is more or less only a part of my answer [https://stackoverflow.com/a/61487052/8006273 (hyper-link)] where you can find deeper explanations, but nicely fits to this question here too.
Notice how the can tapers off slightly at the very top whereas the bottle label is straight.
A bottle is made of plastic whereas a can is made of aluminum metal.
Search for a solid color eliptical shape where a cap should be, relative to the logo.
But obviously this algorithm will fail in cases where top of can is hidden, but in such case even human will not be able to differentiate between the two (if only coca cola portion of bottle/can is visible)
An interesting aside; I've just completed a subject in my degree where we covered robotics and computer vision.
We were able to constrain the environment a bit (we could chose where and how to position the robot and Kinect sensor), otherwise we were going to use the SIFT or SURF transforms.
Really, you only need a small fraction of that anywhere along the can to tell it is part of it, but you still need to find a balance that ensures it's not just an empty bottle with something metal behind it.
Interesting additional nightmares might include a can conveniently sitting behind the bottle at such a distance that the metal of it just so happens to show above and below the label, which would still fail as long as you're scanning along the entire length of the red label - which is actually more of a problem because you're not detecting a can where you could have, as opposed to considering that you're actually detecting a bottle, including the can by accident.
In the case of Can, should be 1:1, whereas will be different in that of bottle (with or without cap).
I'm saying this because I had a similar problem in ASP.NET where I was throwing something like a ArgumentException("Don't know what to do...") but the error handler wasn't firing.
The whole problem is detailed in [this blog post (hyper-link)] where you can find all the code to run this in your application.
Where the paragraphs backgroundcolor and color are inherited from the settings in the enclosing div which is .foo styled.
I.e., the inheritance graph is one level deep, with elements deriving from attribute classes, and the selectors specifying where the edges go, and determining precedence when there are competing attributes (similar to method resolution order).
Say you have the style sheet given above, and want to add a new class .baz, where it should have the same font-size as .foo.
Still, the alternatives are to have to remember to edit every attribute class where there are hidden dependencies each time something changes, or to use a third party tool.
What are the typical problem definitions where functional programming is a better choice?
A favorite example is compilers, where source and intermediate languages change seldom (mostly the same things), but compiler writers are always adding new translations and code improvements or optimizations (new operations on things).
To fix that issue, I searched where is my docker and docker-compose installed.
I ran into a similar problem as well, but where the container I wanted to create needed to mount /var/run/docker.sock as a volume (Portainer Agent), while running it all under a different namespace.
However, here are a few guidelines I use when determining where to put parameters in an url:
/customer/232 where 232 is not a valid customer id.
You could of course PUT something just about anywhere and bend the back-end to handle it, but you should be PUTing what amounts to a representation of the actual resource and not some needlessly contextualized version of it.
The adoption of this type of resource oriented perspective can easily map directly to the object graph of your domain model and drive the logic of your API to the point where everything works very cleanly and in a fairly self-documenting way once it snaps into clarity.
Now let's look at the different places where these parameters could go.
Locators such as "id=5" or "action=refresh" or "page=2" would make sense to have as a URL path, such as mysite.com/article/5/page=2 where partly you know what each part is supposed to mean (the basics such as article and 5 obviously mean get me the data of type article with id 5) and additional parameters are specified as part of the URI.
Hope this helped give people some eureka moments if they've been lost about where to put stuff!
Where
In situations where multiple URIs are assigned to the same resource I like to put the parameters - necessary for identification - into the path and the parameters - necessary to build the representation - into the query.
While if you just want to know where to put that code, answer is in componentDidMount().
NOTE: To fix the issue where React places the caret at the beginning of the text use this method:
where host_dir is the directory from host which you want to mount.
Where are the docker files stored?
(Note, i don't know how Virtualbox works, so the images might be still hidden somewhere else, just not visible to docker).
[UPDATE] As of ~June 2017, [Docker for Mac (hyper-link)] takes care of all the annoying parts of this where you have to mess with VirtualBox.
The destination takes as its value the path where the file or directory will be mounted in the container.
press the Apps Key while the cursor is where you want it on the command-line, and it'll paste this there:
When invoking programs from the Dock, use ~/.MacOSX/environment.plist
where the <dict> element contains a sequence of
<key>KEY</key><string>theValue</string> elements.
~/.bashrc is where "traditionally" all the export statements for Bash environment are set
This concerns OS X 10.10+ (10.11+ specifically due to rootless mode where /usr/bin is no longer writeable).
All the magic on iOS only goes with using source with the file, where you export your environment variables.
This will translate to a where in clause in Linq to SQL...
There is only one record where ID== 1.
There are multiple records where FName == "Rahul".
There is only one record where ID== 1.
There are multiple records where FName == "Rahul".
int result = items.Where(item => item == 2).First();
int result1 = items.Where(item => item == 2).FirstOrDefault();
Here is an example where we can find an element with a id in a collection.
The result of two calls has the same magnitude, but the one call where it's even we swap the sign.
There are some cases where this won't work (-1, max or min int), but it works a lot better than anything else suggested so far.
My initial approach was to use the last bit as a check bit to know where we'd be in the first or the second call.
where invg(g(x))=x so invg is the inverse function for g.
4 turns to get back where I started.
If you really aren't getting anywhere, try something totally illegal that could work, you'll get nearly full credit.
There have to be two that cannot match, because there are only a multiple of four of numbers in a two's-complement system where 0 and ±2³¹ are already reserved.
A slight tweak to the above can handle the case where we want k self-calls to negate the input -- for example, if k = 3, this would mean g(g(g(n))) = -n:
The map x -> f(x) in fact must form cycles of length 2 * k, where x = 0 is a special case 1-length cycle since -0 = 0.
where n such that System.Int32.MinValue < n < System.Int32.MaxValue.
I personally ran into a strange case where a hot loop ran considerably slower on a specific core of a four-core chip (AMD if I recall).
There also appears to be no documentation anywhere that mentions this problem.
So where is another 4GB/s?
Now where is this false dependency?
Since there is only one copy of the variable whether it was declared static or not, and the size doesn't change, I theorize that the difference is the location of the memory used to back the variable along with where it is used in the code further down.
Extension engine does not explicitly change their location or add a reference to its local paths, they are left in the place where there are selected from in all Operating Systems.
Navigate to chrome://version/ and look for Profile Path, it is your default directory and Extensions Folder is where all the extensions, apps, themes are stored
To get back to the column position of the row where you marked the line, use `a (back-tick [letter]).
That means you can do 'b to jump to that mark, then do '' (2 single-quotes) to jump back to wherever you were before.
The "" + i technique was slower than both on every test except one, when it was 1 millisecond faster than Integer.toString() and 1 millisecond slower than String.valueOf() (obviously on the same test where String.valueOf() was faster than Integer.toString()).
While it was usually only a couple milliseconds slower, there was one test where it was about 50 milliseconds slower.
where
It is used a lot in filtering lists but can be used wherever you'd like.
Where should we use Predicate Delegate?
I've been using Python for a few years and I've never run in to a case where I've needed lambda.
Python supports a style of programming called functional programming where you can pass functions to other functions to do stuff.
(or even as range(3,10,3)), but there are many other, more sophisticated use cases where you can't use a list comprehension and a lambda function may be the shortest way to write something out.
I'm sure there are some edge cases where it might be needed, but given the obscurity of it,
When it dawned on me (finally) the purpose and value of lambdas I wanted to rip up about 30 programs and start over putting in lambdas where appropriate.
I honestly think the lambda keyword is redundant in Python—I have never had the need to use them (or seen one used where a regular function, a list-comprehension or one of the many builtin functions could have been better used instead)
To see how lambda is broken, try generating a list of functions fs=[f0,...,f9] where fi(n)=i+n.
Yes, it's not the same, but I have never seen a cause where generating a group of lambda functions in a list has been required.
There are a few cases where lambda is useful, for example it's often convenient when connecting up signals in PyQt applications, like this:
I can give you an example where I actually needed lambda serious.
I'm making a graphical program, where the use right clicks on a file and assigns it one of three options.
And gives you a list where each element it's the function applied to each element of the iterable.
Another way to find out where a class is loaded from (without manipulating the source) is to start the Java VM with the option: -verbose:class
I have used \r in my own console apps where I am testing out some code and I don't want to see text scrolling up my screen, so rather than use \n after printing out some text, of say, a frame rate (FPS), I will printf("%-10d\r", fps);  This will return the cursor to the beginning of the line without moving down to the next line and allow me to have other information on the screen that doesn't get scrolled off while the framerate constantly updates on the same line (the %-10 makes certain the output is at least 10 characters, left justified so it ends up padded by spaces, overwriting any old values for that line).
Are there places where one should be used instead of the other?
I would like to make a short experiment with the respective escape sequences of \n for newline and \r for carriage return to illustrate where the distinct difference between them is.
Noticed where the difference is?
On some, in general more elder, operation systems the result of the \n newline character can be, that it jumps to anywhere in the following line, not just to the beginning.
Except where noted, evaluations of operands of individual operators and of subexpressions of individual expressions are unsequenced4.
Here is the database helper class where the database is created or updated if necessary.
Standard SQL doesn't allow you to
refer to a column alias in a WHERE
clause.
This restriction is imposed
because when the WHERE code is
executed, the column value may not yet
be determined.
Make sure to give a read at this question too: [WHERE vs HAVING (hyper-link)].
This can be avoided though, by putting the expression directly into the WHERE x IN y clause:
Standard SQL (or MySQL) does not permit the use of column aliases in a WHERE clause because
when the WHERE clause is evaluated, the column value may not yet have been determined.
What you can do is calculate the column value in the WHERE clause, save the value in a variable, and use it in the field list.
You can enclose it with another select statement and use where clause to it.
You can use SUBSTRING(locations.raw,-6,4)  for where conditon
Visual studio command prompt is nothing but the regular command prompt where few environment variables are set by default.
Note
It should be noted that from alias in Repo.whatever.Where(condition).DefaultIfEmpty() is the same as an outer-apply/left-join-lateral, which any (decent) database-optimizer is perfectly capable of translating into a left join, as long as you don't introduce per-row-values (aka an actual outer apply).
Thanks to the other contributors that is where I started with my own issue.
a List - where MyObjectB is a class with 2 fields), then it's possible to be specific about what default 'null' values are used for its properties:
Overview: In this code snippet, I demonstrate how to group by ID where Table1 and Table2 have a one to many relationship.
On Windows, if the debug.keystore file is not in the location (C:\Users\username\.android), the debug.keystore file may also be found in the location where you have installed Android Studio.
Whereas in the Windows PC it is located at C:\Users\dhananjay\.android
All you need to do is goto command prompt and cd C:\Program Files\Java\jdk-10.0.2\bin>where jdk-10.0.2 or full path can be different in your case.
once you are in the bin, enter this code keytool -keystore C:\Users\GB\.android/debug.keystore -list -v where C:\Users\GB\.android/debug.keystore is path to keystore in my case.
[JavaBeans (hyper-link)] are everywhere, they're a convention and just about every single slightly larger library out there uses those conventions to automate things.
Think JavaBeans as a letter and various subsystems of the application as departments within a very large corporation: Dept.A mails a bunch of data to Dept.B, Dept.B doesn't know -or even care- where the data came from just as it should be and can just open the letter, read stuff from it and do its thing based on that data.
In for example a DAO class you can use it to create a list of users wherein you store the data of the user table in the database:
You see, it's kind of a convention which you can use everywhere to store, transfer and access data.
A Bean obtains all the benefits of Java's "write-once, run-anywhere" paradigm.
Then, you would just include any of the files that you excluded where needed.
In fact, you'll never have to include manual script tags on your site anywhere ever again - except to maybe preload data.
So say I have the following defined somewhere in my application.js:
Voila, now you can easily create view-specific javascript using the same file structure you use everywhere else in rails.
So now from wherever you want you simply do:
The two lines shown above in application.html.erb tell the page where to include application.js and your page-specific JS.
Keep your custom page-specific JS someplace where you can easily reference it apart from your other custom JS.
-- variation of yapiskan with a where .. in .. select
i think you can not add count() with where.
where is not same as having , having means you are working or dealing with group and same work of count , it is also dealing with the whole group ,
so where does added with count() ;
in A WHERE clause.
It's like the tableView is caching a result somewhere and not redrawing itself after the delegate is set and reloadData is called.
The only difference between then (UITableView wise), is that in the bad-displaying view UITableView was the first child, whereas in the view which was displaying correctly, it was the second.
If you have a grouped UITableView where you want a tableHeaderView:
The most useful usage of this is to run it at page load and make use of a global variable to use the parameters anywhere you might need them.
I always have a project namespace in lib where I put all application-specific libraries.
This helps in cases where you have categories of functionality that you wish to reuse in multiple classes, but where the functionality is still notionally attached to the classes.
You can store non-model classes in app/classes, or anywhere else, and add that directory to your load path by doing:
The bottom-line is that once you get to a point in Rails where you find yourself asking this question, it's time to beef up your Ruby chops and start modeling classes that aren't just the MVC classes that Rails gives you by default.
It is not necessary to add () in the WHERE clause as we do in a regular SQL.
The format is #AARRGGBB, where AA is the alpha channel, RR is the red channel, GG is the green channel and BB is the blue channel.
Where A is the value for the alpha channel.
Go to where your R program is installed.
Replacing .Select(i => i) in the code above with Where(i => true) [yields very similar results (hyper-link)] at the moment, and is more likely to do so regardless of the .NET implementation.
So I've focused on what's happening when you reduce batch size to value somewhere in between 10 and 100, and here are my results (I'm using different row contents, so my times are of different value):
db context where I implemented the various elements of the solution as static methods:
Instead of using a WHERE query, you can use this ORDER BY query.
Have a look at this example where the column name is incorrect.
As you see, it tells you exactly, what is wrong with the query, and where to fix it in your code.
where Class is the name of the class you want to import.
Step 1: lets go to one directory, where all will be included
If the current directory of the console is the directory where the python script is located, everything works fine with
If you use the Grab application (found in /Application/Utilities), you can save those files anywhere you decide.
Not only does this work first time, every time, but it also reminds me when I've forgotten where I've moved previous screen shots to :)
I went through all the posts for which I could not find where the screenshots are saved...
Better than figuring out where Simulator stores screenshots.
It's worth noting that, in the version of Simulator I'm using at least (12.5), there is a different between the "Screenshot" and "Save Screen" options - Screenshots save to the device (found in the Photos app), whereas clicking the "Save Screen" button generates an image on your Mac.
You could also create global constants which are accessible from everywhere in an initializer like in the following example.
Somewhere in the view (I prefer helper methods for such kind of stuff) or in a model you can get, for ex., array of colors Settings.colors.split(/\s/).
Where the
As pointed out, the php --ini command will tell you where PHP is expecting to find the php.ini file.
Run phpinfo() from any file and it tells you where it is.
However, if as you say, you want to log to a file, you uncomment by removing the leading semi colon to make ;error_log = php_errors.log become error_log = php_errors.log or using a full path to place it where you want.
FindAll() is a function on the List<T> type, it's not a LINQ extension method like Where.
The LINQ extension methods work on any type that implements IEnumerable, whereas FindAll can only be used on List<T> instances (or instances of classes that inherit from it, of course).
Where returns an instance of IEnumerable that is executed on-demand when the object is enumerated.
FindAll is more like calling Where(...).ToList() on an instance of IEnumerable.
If I recall correctly, the main difference (besides what they're implemented on: IEnumerable<T> vs. List<T>) is that Where implements deferred execution, where it doesn't actually do the lookup until you need it -- using it in a foreach loop for example.
I did some tests on a list of 80K objects and found that Find() can be up to 1000% faster than using a Where with FirstOrDefault().
Determining the details will vary depending on the platform as well -- most probably include tools that can tell you where it's putting it.
gcc makes a .rodata section that gets mapped "somewhere" in address space and is marked read only,
Where do they go?
char *s:

.rodata section of the object file
the same segment where the .text section of the object file gets dumped, which has Read and Exec permissions, but not Write
where -s forces objdump to display the full contents of all sections, main.o is the object file, -B 1 forces grep to also print one line before the match (so that you can see the section name) and str is the string literal you're searching for.
where id is the builtin function that returns an integer that "is guaranteed to be unique among simultaneously existing objects" (see help(id)) and where a and b are any arbitrary objects.
But it cannot be substituted for equality where you may find more than one object as equivalent.
The is checks if both the variables point to the same object whereas
  the == sign checks if the values for the two variables are the same.
From [http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html (hyper-link)], it seems that you can install the SDK anywhere, so long as you
My personal preference is to put it in ~/opt/local/android-sdk-mac or /Developer/android-sdk-mac the latter being where Xcode and all the Apple Dev tools are held.
Note that i only use this pattern whenever the model object needs methods working on its own properties, that i'll probably use everywhere (such as improved getter/setters).
Only use the framework specific parts where it adds direct value.
I missed the "s" in the file name when executing node .\util.js, where it should be node.\utils.js and didn't find any solution among all the answers under this question until I found out that I can't run the file even if I delete everything!
Because I'm dumb and get lost even when somebody tells me where the file is:
<sdk-root> is the place where your all android libraries and sdks were installed.
In an environment where there are many developers, I think the best approach would be to automate this process so that all one would have to do is change a version number in a configuration file.
Unlike in C# where you have the [Array.IndexOf (hyper-link)] method, and JavaScript where you have the [indexOf (hyper-link)] method, Java's API (the Array and Arrays classes in particular) have no such method.
There is no override of the binarySearch method that accepts an array of booleans and you'll have to do something clever there if you want O(log n) performance when detecting where the first true appears in an array, for instance using an array of Booleans and the constants Boolean.FALSE and Boolean.TRUE.
This will look anywhere in the component chain for .theme-dark and apply the css to the h1 if found.
and to display where the .apk file is:
Of course the system have to store all apks somewhere.
where the file name is 'box' followed by a 40 byte hexadecimal hash.
That's where the boxes are stored.
Here's where they're stored on [Windows XP (hyper-link)] through [Windows Server 2012 (hyper-link)] R2:
Doing the SELECT * FROM MyTable where id in () command on an Azure SQL table with 500 million records resulted in a wait time of > 7min!
You can now use select with the where selection helper.
How to get rid of columns where for ALL rows the value is NA?
I've used Python for a long time now, and I have seen very few use-cases where I would do the above with mutable objects.
However, the version of Java that it's picking up is 32-bit, as indicated by where it is coming from, on this line:
Program Files (x86) is the folder where 64-bit Windows places 32-bit programs.
Program Files is the folder where 64-bit Windows places 64-bit programs.
However, it seems for Windows 8/8.1 environment, you are going to get 32-bit JRE by default (and I do not know where to change that default for the download), as explained here: [http://java.com/en/download/faq/win8_faq.xml (hyper-link)]
I've solved this issue by installing a JDK (v7 update 80) whereas I had only had the JRE installed before.
I worked around this by opening a command prompt, cd'ing the directory where the eclipse.exe was and using [MKLink (hyper-link)]:
You have to go to the folder where eclipse is installed and then you have to change the eclipse.ini file.
In case your machine has multiple Java versions installed, you can simply tell eclipse which and from where to use javaw.exe.
SELECT * FROM table WHERE field1 NOT LIKE '%$x%';   (Make sure you escape $x properly beforehand to avoid SQL injection)
You can use WhereNotIn in following way also:
The dynamic way of implement whereNotIn:
You can use WhereNotIn in the following way:
You can use this example for dynamically calling the Where NOT IN
you can simply pass a array into whereNotIn() laravel function.
This will give you the no of rows where the column value is null or blank.
You need to put it in the join clause, not the where:
See, with an inner join, putting a clause in the join or the where is equivalent.
Conversely, a where clause does the join, and then reduces the rowset.
So, this does all of the joins and then eliminates all rows where user_id doesn't equal 1.
and it will print a path to the re module and you'll see where python is that way.
For Windows CMD run: where python
That should tell you where python is installed
It will give you the path where the python.exe is installed.
It will show you the directory where you have installed .
Only exception is, the SeaMonkey browser requires HTML code inserted in your <head>; whereas, the other browsers will still display the favicon.ico without any HTML insertion.
Here are some snippets I have used with relevant links to where I gathered the information.
Seems like a lazy way to always know that your WHERE clause is already defined and allow you to keep adding conditions without having to check if it is the first one.
Then, instead of counting the number of conditions you're passing in, you place a "WHERE 1=1" at the end of your stock SQL statement and throw on the concatenated conditions.
Basically, it saves you having to do a test for conditions and then add a "WHERE" string before them.
That basically removes the effect of the where clause while still leaving the positional parameter in place.
some people would add the first with a WHERE and subsequent ones with an AND thus:
Lazy programmers (and that's not necessarily a bad trait) wouldn't distinguish between the added conditions, they'd start with select * from t where 1=1 and just add AND clauses after that.
Where 1=1
where 1=0, This is done to check if the table exists.
Here's a closely related example: using a SQL MERGE statement to update the target tabled using all values from the source table where there is no common attribute on which to join on e.g.
The reason why this is used is when you are using a multi-nested joined query with many predicates in the where clause where sometimes even using all of the indexes causes the access plan to read each table - a full table scan.
Since the user may or may not select the values from each dropdown, we end up getting a hard time figuring out which condition was the first where clause.
So we pad up the query with a where 1=1 in the end and add all where clauses after that.
Then we would build the where clause like this and pass it as a parameter value
As the where clause selection are unknown to us at runtime, so this helps us a great deal in finding whether to include an 'AND' or 'WHERE'.
Why would someone use WHERE 1=1 AND <proper conditions>
I've [seen (hyper-link)] homespun frameworks do stuff like this (blush), as this allows lazy parsing practices to be applied to both the WHERE and AND Sql keywords.
The "benefit" of WHERE 1 = 1 means that no special code is needed:
For no predicates at all - In the case where there are ZERO predicates, then the WHERE must be dropped.
If you came here searching for WHERE 1, note that WHERE 1 and WHERE 1=1 are identical.
WHERE 1 is used rarely because some database systems reject it considering WHERE 1 not really being boolean.
This is useful in a case where you have to use dynamic query in which in where 
clause you have to append some filter options.
Based from the options, there is only two available options(0 and 1) but if you want to display All records, it is handy to include in where close 1=1.
even without the where clause.
I was looking for a way to force a filler after the where keyword in my code.
The reason is because I could not implement the keyword 'where' together inside the _where clause variable.
Making "where 1=1" the standard for all your queries also makes it trivially easy to validate the sql by replacing it with where 1 = 0, handy when you have batches of commands/files.
Considering devices as part of the distributed system
I don't know where I first came across this idea (maybe in this [inspiring Chris Granger video (hyper-link)]).
Similar question here where the answer talks about that
[http://ask.sqlservercentral.com/questions/19089/updating-two-tables-using-single-query.html (hyper-link)]
The $directory is the main folder where I wanted to create another sub-folder with the users license number.
This path comes from Docker Host (not from MacOS)
before "Docker for Mac Application" times, where there was a VirtualBox VM "default" and inside this VM, the mentioned path exists (for sure), now in "Docker for Mac Application" times there is a Docker.qcow2 image, which is qemu base vm.
This command asks gcc which C++ preprocessor it is using, and then asks that preprocessor where it looks for includes.
To get GCC to print out the complete set of directories where it will look for system headers, invoke it like this:
The set of paths where the compiler looks for the header files can be checked by the command:-
Here's a Series where the index contains string objects:
This is where .ix comes in:
Many DataFrames will not have any meaningful names and will instead, default to just the integers from 0 to n-1, where n is the length of the DataFrame.
You can then shift the apache-maven-3.0.5 folder in your Downloads folder to wherever you want to keep Maven; however as the rest of the process involves the command line, I recommend you do everything from there.
Arguably, "outer" HTML only really makes sense when you have a single element, but there are situations where it makes sense to take a list of HTML elements and turn them into markup.
a cancellable function — function (index, oldOuterHTML) { } — where the return value will become the new HTML for the element (unless false is returned).
where id is the id of the element that you are looking for
Where 'x' is the node number, beginning with 0 as the first one, should get the right node you want, if you're trying to get a specific one.
If you're not removing the object but want to copy it somewhere else, use the clone() function instead.
This can lead to very nasty bugs - especially for example, where usernames are involved.
There are also language specific versions, like utf8_german_ci where the lose matching is more suitable for the language specified.
selects the documents where the value of the field is not equal to
  the specified value.
$nin selects the documents where: 
  the field value is not in the specified array or the field does not exist.
total count the documents where the value of the field is not equal to the specified value.
I've a Document Profile who has a reference to User,and I've tried to list the profiles where user ref is not null (because I already filtered by rol during the population), but
after googleing a few hours I cannot figure out how to get this.
where exactly should I be placing my rvm, python, node etc additions to my $PATH?
It might look ugly depending on how it was invoked and the cwd but should get you where you need to go (or you can tweak the string if you care how it looks).
This works unless you execute the script from the same directory where the script resides, in which case you get a value of '.'
One-liner which will give you the full directory name of the script no matter where it is being called from.
I was able to find several situations where this answer fails and crashes the script.
The only two situations where basedir $0 will work is if the user use sh or touch to launch a script because both will result in $0:
This one-liner tells where the shell script is, does not matter if you ran it or if you sourced it.
In other words, it does not do efficient short circuiting when evaluating the WHERE clause.
I've seen people recommending a structure like your example as a way of doing a flexible query where the user can enter or not enter various criteria.
This sort of flexible query with varying criteria is probably one case where dynamically created SQL is really the best way to go.
I could not and therefore erred on the side of caution and used CASE in WHERE clause to ensure short circuit.
I think this is one of the cases where I'd write it as if it didn't short-circuit, for three reasons.
In languages with objects there can be situations where you can write boolean expressions that can be evaluated only with short circuit evaluation.
Where the precedence is not determined by the Formats or by
parentheses, effective evaluation of expressions is generally
performed from left to right.
The SQL server is free to optimize a query anywhere she sees fit, so in the example given in the blog post, you cannot rely on short-circuiting.
Here is a demo to prove that MySQL does perform WHERE clause short-circuiting:
Where is the Find method on IEnumerable<T>?
The Where and FirstOrDefault methods are applicable against multiple kinds of sequences, including List<T>, T[], Collection<T>, etc.
Where and FirstOrDefault were added as extension methods for IEnumerable<T> with Linq, which is a later .NET version.
Find is only [implemented (hyper-link)] in List<T>, while Where().FirstOrDefault() works with all IEnumerable<T>.
I just found out today, doing some tests on a list of 80K objects and found that Find() can be up to 1000% faster than using a Where with FirstOrDefault().
There is a very important difference if the source of the data is Entity Framework:  Find will  find entities in the 'added' state that are not yet persisted, but Where will not.
in addition to Anthony answer
Where() visit through all records and then return result(s) while Find() dont need to traverse through all records if predicate match with given predicate.
Will give output of 2, and only 2 visits Find needed to give result , but if you use Where().FirstOrDefault() we will be visiting all records and then we get results.
So , when you know you only want first result from records in collection Find() will be more suitable then Where().FirstOrDefault();
You should not chain both .Where() with .FirstOrDefault() because the .Where() goes through the whole array and then will iterate through that list to find the first item.
That's where it gets stored.
took forever to find where the file was stored, but then it was a simple copy and paste to get the settings to the new version.
I think the easiest way is searching your application name on C drive and then check where is the user.config
For anyone wondering where the settings for apps from the Microsoft Store are, they are either in WindowsApps, which is very locked down, but you can get there by opening your app and then opening the file path with Task-Manager.
If it appears in two distinct locations, it can lead to circumstances where one instance is changed and not another.
For both these reasons, it's important to isolate and define the numerical constants outside the places where they're used.
Places where Magic Numbers are appropriate is everything that is defined through a standard, i.e.
Imagine the case where I set the size of the password field in the GUI.
In the rare cases where I find the need to use such Magic Numbers, I set them as a const in my code, and document why they are used, how they work, and where they came from.
For example, I once saw a system where record IDs > 0 were treated normally, 0 itself was "new record", -1 was "this is the root" and -99 was "this was created in the root".
If you have very many of them, the odds are reasonably good that you have two different purposes that you're using magic numbers for, where the values happen to be the same.
Let's put our lone "2" in a context of: padding := 2, where the context is a "GUI Container".
Only when I write: padding = default_padding as a context and then elsewhere: default_padding = 2 do I fully realize a better and fuller meaning (semantic and purpose) of 2 in our system.
Only when we limit the range and domain of understanding to "my program" where 2 is the default_padding in the GUI UX parts of "my program", do we finally make sense of "2" in its proper context.
For example, pretend we are making a D&D game, where we have the notion of a monster.
After copying the above code make make a folder with name logs parallel to winston or wherever you want and create a file app.log in that logs folder.
In effect, static does two different things depending on where it is.
Where your statics go depends on whether they are zero-initialized.
Local scope could mean local to either the translational unit (source file), the function or the block depending on where its defined.
Using pytest.raises is likely to be better for cases where you are testing exceptions your own code is deliberately raising, whereas using @pytest.mark.xfail with a check function is probably better for something like documenting unfixed bugs (where the test describes what “should” happen) or bugs in dependencies.
Using pytest.raises is likely to be better for cases where you are testing exceptions your own code is deliberately raising, whereas using @pytest.mark.xfail with a check function is probably better for something like documenting unfixed bugs or bugs in dependencies.
It should be under /usr somewhere:
For any given package you can determine what files it installs and where it installs them by querying dpkg.
will tell you which java implementation is the default for your system and where in the filesystem it is installed.
Three Step Process:
First:
open Terminal->$ whereis java
it would give output like this:
java: /usr/bin/java /usr/share/java /usr/share/man/man1/java.1.gz
Here are two good choices, which are links to specific versions, where you will have to select the version:
For example, to figure out where cindent got set/unset:
Sometimes I need to copy and paste a piece of code or string, say a hex color code in a CSS file, so I search, jump (not caring where the match is), copy it and then jump back (g;) to where I was editing the code to finally paste it.
Go to position where Insert mode was stopped last.
You write code and then you recall that you have the same code somewhere in file.
When working on a project where the build process is slow I always build in the background and pipe the output to a file called errors.err (something like make debug 2>&1 | tee errors.err).
Run each one individually and throw away any results where two or more toes end up at the same pixel.
He is finding the first three toes fine, and you should be able to guess where the fourth is based off that.
I tried SOAPpy but didn't get it to work in quite the way I needed whereas suds worked pretty much straight away.
using a copy of TextPaint for measuring layout
The documentation for [TextView.getPaint() (hyper-link)] states that it should be used read-only, so I made a copy in both places where we use the paint object for measuring:
[code snippet]
In case you want to see it in action or test whether it really works on your device, you can have a look at my flashcard app [Flashcards ToGo (hyper-link)] where I use this solution to scale the text of a flashcard.
The text can have arbitrary length, and the flashcards are displayed in different activities, sometimes smaller sometimes bigger, plus in landscape + portrait mode, and I haven't found any corner case where the solution would not work properly...
Positional integer indices used to be very common, more common than labels, especially in applications where duplicate row labels are common.
So here a naive use of idxmax is not sufficient, whereas the old form of argmax would correctly provide the positional location of the max row (in this case, position 9).
Assuming one want to know the rows where column "C" is max, the following will do the work
Anywhere in one compilation unit (usually a .cpp file) would do:
They can point anywhere.
The compiler is not required to put a variable in a specific place - instead it can place it wherever it pleases for as long as the compiled program behaves as if it were run in the abstract C machine according to the rules of the abstract C machine.
a variable that is not accessed all can be eliminated completely - it has no storage... anywhere.
As shown at: [Where are static variables stored in C and C++?
(hyper-link)] Except that exec has some extra limitations on where to load to (e.g.
Above initial stack: [https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/75939/where-is-the-environment-string-actual-stored (hyper-link)] TODO why not in .data?
You can have a WHERE clause on your UPDATE (letting you effectively turn ON CONFLICT UPDATE into ON CONFLICT IGNORE for certain values)
You can use either or both in the SET expressions and WHERE clause.
For full explanations, you might have a look at [Where Should the Spring @Service Annotation Be Kept?
There's [whereIn() (hyper-link)]:
You can use whereIn which accepts an array as second paramter.
You can chain where multiple times.
if you need OR you can use orWhere method.
For advanced where statements
WHERE AND SELECT Condition In Array Format Laravel
That is where my sun jdk is installed.
$ whereis java
Read more at [Where can I find the Java SDK in Linux?
Reference : [where is java's home dir?
If you have a more complex case where you see the expression evaluated multiple times, please post the more complex query and the plans.
It's actually possible to effectively define a variable that can be used in both the SELECT, WHERE and other clauses.
As a workaround to force the evaluation of the SELECT clause before the WHERE clause, you could put the former in a sub-query while the latter remains
in the main query:
The LENGTH() (MySQL) or LEN() (MSSQL) function will return the length of a string in a column that you can use as a condition in your WHERE clause.
The answer to your question:
You don't actually need where if you're just trying to filter out the elements of dists that don't fit your criteria:
Or, if you do want to use where for some reason, you can do:
Why:
The reason it doesn't work is because np.where returns a list of indices, not a boolean array.
Now you can call np.where on the combined boolean array:
You can also use np.argwhere instead of np.where for clear output.
And rest you know, np.where, for given cases, wherever True, assigns first value(i.e.
Try the [where (hyper-link)] command on Windows 2003 or later (or Windows 2000/XP if you've installed a Resource Kit).
Or this version, calling the original where command.
if somebody could at least tell me where to start looking to comprehend what this sea of symbols means
→' is a functional type where   and ' are potentially different types.
let  = ₀ in ₁ means in expression, ₁, substitute ₀ wherever  appears.
This means if we have an expression ₀ that is a  (being a variable or a function), and some name, , also a , and an expression ₁ of type , then we can substitute ₀ for  wherever it appears inside of ₁.
Likely you're asking where you should load the Javascript file, for this you've received satisfactory answers already.
This method is more human friendly than machine friendly, but that way I always know where the JS is.
It is just not as readable to include script files anywhere else (imho).
Your javascript links can got either in the head or at the end of the body tag, it is true that performance improves by putting the link at the end of your body tag, but unless performance is an issue, placing them in the head is nicer for people to read and you know where the links are located and can reference them easier.
but, if you planned to make combination HTML and JS (dynamically
created and    populated HTML table, for example) then you must put
it where you    need it there.
On Windows, this is always the empty string, which tells python to
use the full path where the script is located instead.
Where elm is an element retrieved from i.e document.getElementById.
You can alternatively also put it somewhere outside the default classpath and add its path to the classpath of the appserver.
The context class loader is your safest bet so you can place the properties file "everywhere" in the classpath and/or you intend to be able to override a server-provided one from the webapp on.
It may apply elsewhere.
It also shows where the default routing data comes from.
this time I found the file "/usr/local/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh" installed... Before that I weren't finding that file anywhere even by this command
The thing is commands based files are always installed in /bin folders they can be anywhere on the system path.
The exact path where      virtualenvwrapper.sh is stored/located varies from OS to OS.
Chances that you already got the source code with the JDK, is a matter of finding where it is.
Many of us don't run the Java install (the full blown Windows install) for security reasons...we just want the JDK put someplace out of the way where potential viruses cannot find it.
pull it out and place it where you like.
Use where with a != operator in combination with whereNull
For where field not empty this worked for me:
you should not use it for big tables, because as a general rule "or" in your where clause is stopping query to use index.
Fetching data with either null and value on where conditions are very tricky.
Even if you are using straight Where and OrWhereNotNull condition then for every rows you will fetch both items ignoring other where conditions if applied.
For example if you have more where conditions it will mask out those and still return with either null or value items because you used orWhere condition
This works as where (whereIn Or WhereNotNull)
Normally it would be found from the Start Button Shortcuts or at least in C:\Program Files somewhere.
After going back into the installer & checking off "Management Tools", ssms.exe was available under "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\110\Tools\Binn\ManagementStudio" (thanks to everyone for pointing out where to find it).
Since it is hard to find good themes for IntelliJ IDEA, I've created this site: [https://github.com/sdvoynikov/color-themes (hyper-link)] (note: site archived to GitHub repo) where there is a large collection of themes.
In contexts where data security is a concern, a more complex algorithm may be preferable to a less complex algorithm if the more complex algorithm has better resistance to [timing attacks (hyper-link)].
My answer here [Fast random weighted selection across all rows of a stochastic matrix (hyper-link)] is an example where an algorithm with complexity O(m) is faster than one with complexity O(log(m)), when m is not too big.
So given an application where we insert, delete, or search more often than we access and a choice between only these two structures, we would prefer the red-black tree.
I can picture the second approach being the right answer if for some reason you're running in an environment where RAM is critically short but you have plenty of mass storage.
We used a std::map, a std::unordered_map with a hash that samples at most 10 times over the length of the string (our keys tend to be guid-like, so this is decent), and a hash that samples every character (in theory reduced collisions), an unsorted vector where we do a == compare, and (if I remember correctly) an unsorted vector where we also store a hash, first compare the hash, then compare the characters.
A more general question is if there are situations where one would prefer an O(f(n)) algorithm to an O(g(n)) algorithm even though g(n) << f(n) as n tends to infinity.
As others have already mentioned, the answer is clearly "yes" in the case where f(n) = log(n) and g(n) = 1.
Let's say you're implementing a blacklist on an embedded system, where numbers between 0 and 1,000,000 might be blacklisted.
And even if you do not develop for an embedded system where memory is scarce, I just can increase the arbitrary limit of 1,000,000 to 1,000,000,000,000 and make the same argument.
However, immutability can be valuable enough to make up for worse performance and in the case where multiple versions of the map need to be retained, immutability allows you to avoid having to copy the map, which is O(n), and therefore can improve performance.
Insertion sort, for example, has an average time-complexity of O(n^2), worse than quicksort or mergesort, but as an [online algorithm (hyper-link)] it can efficiently sort a list of values as they are received (as user input) where most other algorithms can only efficiently operate on a complete list of values.
In a realtime situation where you need a firm upper bound you would select e.g.
The algorithms are designed to be cracked in hopefully O(2^n) time where n is the bit-length of the key (this is brute force).
Elsewhere in CS, Quick Sort is O(n^2) in the worst case but in the general case is O(n*log(n)).
There are many methods that mutate without a Bang such as [.destroy (hyper-link)] and in general methods only have bangs where a safer alternative exists in the core lib.
methods just change the value of the object they are called upon, whereas a method without !
If the thread entering the await is on a thread pool thread, then the remaining chunks of the async method occur anywhere on the thread pool.
This class can act as the glue between the async/await world and the non-async/await world, in situations where it is unavoidable, such as MVVM properties or dependencies on other APIs that do not use async/await.
If you're too lazy to add .ConfigureAwait(false) everywhere, and you don't care about performance you can alternatively do
I'm learning about async/await, and ran into a situation where I need to call an async method synchronously.
However, there are a handful of situations where sync-over-async is necessary.
Rather than using sub queries in where condition which will increase the query time where records are huge.
It looks like you want to delete the entries in story_category where the category_id is not in the category table.
This is what I did for updating a Priority column value by 1 if it is >=1 in a table and in its WHERE clause using a subquery on same table to make sure that at least one row contains Priority=1 (because that was the condition to be checked while performing update) :
This is where storing vectors of key/value pairs in the array come in.
So you do everything based on a sparse array (where the only entries are the ones you actually use, everything else is implicitly null).
Well, obviously you can keep some kind of list of where you put each book, but then you have the same problem as searching the library, you need to search the list.
This is where you place the book.
The beauty of this program is that later on, when a person comes back in to read the book, you feed the title through the program once more, and get back the same shelf number and slot number that you were originally given, and this is where the book is located.
That's something that supports the operation of indexing, where you can get to the Ith element, A[I], in one step, no matter how large A is.
If we imagine a table storing people's names, after a few insertions it might be laid out in memory as below, where ()-enclosed numbers are hash values of the text/name.
create a bigger array of buckets, create new/updated linked lists there-from, delete the old array) to keep the ratio of values to buckets (aka load factor) somewhere in the 0.5 to 1.0 range.
This contrasts with the example earlier in this answer where we stored discrete values like "sue", which you could think of as being its own key: that kind of usage is known as a hash set.
Even one bit changing anywhere in the key would ideally - randomly - flip about half the bits in the resultant hash value.
With this approach, it's easy to see that a bit (in the binary digit sense) changing anywhere in the double results in a different random number being looked up in one of the tables, and a totally uncorrelated final value.
where calculate_bucket_from_val() is the hashing function where all the uniqueness magic must happen.
Bucket is any space where the values are stored - for here I have kept it int as an array index, but it maybe a memory location as well.
Besides looking trendy and stylish, they have the advantage that every article of clothing has a place where it's supposed to be.
You get some number of locations (drawers) where items can be stored.
The basic idea behind open addressing is to store an array of slots, where each slot can either be empty or hold exactly one item.
That item has to go somewhere, so we try putting it in the other table at the appropriate slot.
There are many improvements possible for cuckoo hashing, such as using multiple tables, letting each slot hold multiple items, and making a "stash" that holds items that can't fit anywhere else, and this is an active area of research!
[Hopscotch hashing (hyper-link)] is a mix between open addressing and chained hashing that can be thought of as taking a chained hash table and storing each item in each bucket in a slot near where the item wants to go.
There are at least three places where you may find shared_ptr:
case where cd might produce output that would interfere with the surrounding $( ... ) capture.
I am looking for corner cases where this code does not work.
The script must be on disk somewhere.
for the case where the script itself is a symlink.
Normally you can't refer to field aliases in the WHERE clause.
(Think of it as the entire SELECT including aliases, is applied after the WHERE clause.)
But, as mentioned in other answers, you can force SQL to treat SELECT to be handled before the WHERE clause.
If you want to use the alias in your WHERE clause, you need to wrap it in a sub select, or [CTE (hyper-link)]:
The most effective way to do it without repeating your code is use of HAVING instead of WHERE
The HAVING clause was added to SQL because the WHERE keyword could not
  be used with aggregate functions.
possibility to refer in WHERE/GROUP BY/ORDER BY
Came here looking something similar to that, but with a CASE WHEN, and ended using the where like this: WHERE (CASE WHEN COLUMN1=COLUMN2 THEN '1' ELSE '0' END) = 0 maybe you could use DATEDIFF in the WHERE directly.
For me, the simplest way to use ALIAS in WHERE class is to create a subquery and select from it instead.
Generally, where() works in most situations.
Use where (as described below, which will return an empty array if the attribute is not found) to avoid an exception being thrown.
.where is more of a catch all that lets you use a bit more complex logic for when the conventional helpers won't do, and it returns an array of items that match your conditions (or an empty array otherwise).
There is a difference between find and find_by in that find will return an error if not found, whereas find_by will return null.
Sometimes it is easier to read if you have a method like find_by email: "haha", as opposed to .where(email: some_params).first.
where returns ActiveRecord::Relation
As you can see find_by is the same as where but it returns only one record.
This method should be used for getting 1 record and where should be used for getting all records with some conditions.
Use #where when #find and #find_by are not enough.
but if you use where then you can not update it directly
Returns a row where primary key = id.
User.where(project_id:1)
Returns all users in users table where attribute matches.
Model.where
Model.where on the other hand returns a Model::ActiveRecord_Relation object which is just like an array containing all the records that match the search.
there is no way to find out where focus is AFAIK (maybe interating over all DOM nodes?
Main issue here is that getting the current cursor position where we will paste the text.
The 1.0.0 draft hasn't been finalised yet: [https://github.com/Microsoft/tsdoc#where-are-we-on-the-roadmap (hyper-link)]
Another file worth checking out is [this one (hyper-link)] where you will see useful standard tags.
You can find where the my.cnf file has been provided by the specific package, e.g.
I like to find names for anonymous structures where possible.
You need to start naming things if you want to get anywhere, and you can do that using tuples anyway:
I prefer to use tuples whenever a tuple feels "natural"; coordinates are a typical example, where the separate objects can stand on their own, e.g.
For the rest of the cases, where the grouped objects have inherent meaning inside the group or a fully-fledged object with its own methods is needed, I use a class.
Although IMHO tuples are usually best, except in cases where the values being returned are candidates for encapsulation in a class.
Use tuples for small return sets in the general case where an immutable is acceptable.
For more complex return values, or for the case where formality is valuable (i.e.
On Mac: The json files were automatically backed up (/Users//Library/Application Support/Postman/backup-YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ.json) but it is not documented anywhere.
[Where to Store your JWTs – Cookies vs HTML5 Web Storage (hyper-link)]
Add another WHERE condition like demonstrated above to avoid this and make it even faster:
Also passes in a unique index and almost anywhere else, since NULL values do not compare equal according to the SQL standard.
This annotation may be helpful in order to avoid the common mistake, where you actually intend to override a method, but fail to do so, because the signature given in your method does not match the signature of the method being overridden:
You can find many examples where annotationi have been used to replace configuration files, like Hibernate, JPA, EJB 3 and almost all the technologies included in Java EE.
The purpose of using configuration files is usually to separate the code from the details of the environment where the application is running.
Prior to JDK5, information that is now expressed with annotations needed to be stored somewhere else, and XML files were frequently used.
[Where Annotations Can Be Used (hyper-link)]
Following are some of the places where you can use annotations.
So where to go from here?
You stay at this level for ages (this is where I'm at).
It's almost always what I recommend people start with, regardless of where you go from there.
Haskell is really different and you have to understand a lot of different concepts to get anywhere.
Don't use Close(), instead wrap your calls on an ISession inside a using statement or manage the lifecycle of your ISession somewhere else.
The last mode is useful for long running units of work, where an ISession is kept open and disconnected for a long time.
Here are two examples of my code where it would fail without session.Flush():
at the end of this, you can see a section of code where I set identity insert on, save the entity then flush, then set identity insert off.
where whitespace is preceded by a tab character.
Remove and checkout the applicable files on all the systems where they're used.
You should also do this on the system where you executed these tasks because when you added the files git said:
[code snippet]
You can do something like this to remove the files:
[code snippet]
And then this to get them back with the correct line endings:
[code snippet]
Replacing .ext with the file extensions you want to match.
The Key Bindings section is where you customize keyboard shortcuts.
Select "Tab key: Indents always" in Preferences->Text Editing->Indentation
Then you can indent a single line or a selection of lines by pressing TAB or SHIFT+TAB
Sadly this removes altogether the possibility to insert tabs where you want, and conflict badly with the tab key being used to switch between "autocompletion fields".
This is where the problem starts.
The where condition does not return records where the result is unkown, so we get no records back.
where
I had an example where I was looking up and because one table held the value as a double, the other as a string, they would not match (or not match without a cast).
The second one would be more efficient as it just has one predicate to evaluate against each item in the collection where as in the first one, it's applying the first predicate to all items first and the result (which is narrowed down at this point) is used for the second predicate and so on.
Now what difference that actually makes depends on the implementation of Where being called.
Typically I would use several where clauses if they feel like they're representing significantly different conditions (e.g.
one is to do with one part of an object, and one is completely separate) and one where clause when various conditions are closely related (e.g.
When this is a linq-to-object call, multiple where clauses will lead to a chain of IEnumerables that read from each other.
{"where":{"arrayAttribute":{ "all" :[String]}}}
I get this code snippets from my projects where I had to find docs with specific category/categories, so you can easily customize it according to your needs.
you will likely never reuse a given virtualenv across projects, so putting it somewhere else does not give much advantage
If you have difficulty finding where the Django source files are
  located on your system, run the following command:
If you are using virtualenv then it will be: /home/user/path where you installed django/django_directory/lib/python2.7/site-packages/Django-1.8.1-py2.7.egg/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/base_site.html base-site.html is the default template.
With the example given in the question, we can determine exactly where the exception was thrown in the application.
If we start at the beginning of the list of "at ...", we can tell where our error happened.
Like in previous examples, we should look at MyEntityService.java on line 59, because that's where this error originated (this one's a bit obvious what went wrong, since the SQLException states the error, but the debugging procedure is what we're after).
This is very useful because it doesn't only show you where the error happened, but also how the program ended up in that place of the code.
For [eventful (hyper-link)] code, where the error may happen anywhere, instead of throwing the error, fire the [error event instead (hyper-link)]:
[code snippet]
Sometimes though, there may still be code that throws an error somewhere which can lead to an uncaught exception and a potential crash of our application if we don't catch it safely.
When we know where the error is occurring, we can wrap that section in a [node.js domain (hyper-link)]
[code snippet]
If we know where the error is occurring is synchronous code, and for whatever reason can't use domains (perhaps old version of node), we can use the try catch statement:
[code snippet]
However, be careful not to use try...catch in asynchronous code, as an asynchronously thrown error will not be caught:
[code snippet]
If you do want to work with try..catch in conjunction with asynchronous code, when running Node 7.4 or higher you can use async/await natively to write your asynchronous functions.
Finally, in the case where an uncaught error happens in a place that wasn't wrapped in a domain or a try catch statement, we can make our application not crash by using the uncaughtException listener (however doing so can put the application in an [unknown state (hyper-link)]):
[code snippet]
One instance where using a try-catch might be appropriate is when using a forEach loop.
As with normal try/catch-style error handling, is is usually best to throw errors when they occur, and block out areas where you want to isolate errors from affecting the rest of the code.
OR you have to set something to indicate that an exception has happened - where ever you care about that flag, you have to wait for the callback to complete.
Catching errors has been very well discussed here, but it's worth remembering to log the errors out somewhere so you can view them and fix stuff up.
API received an invalid input) refer to known cases where the error impact is fully understood and can be handled thoughtfully.
"…By the very nature of how throw works in JavaScript, there is almost never any way to safely “pick up where you left off”, without leaking references, or creating some other sort of undefined brittle state.
For example, **/foo matches file or directory foo anywhere, the same as pattern foo.
**/foo/bar matches file or directory bar anywhere that is directly under directory foo.
It is useful in monorepo projects where you have node_modules in sub directories.
inside workspace.xml to find out where to place it.
Vim requires the cursor to be in the current screen at all times, however, you could bookmark the current position scroll around and then return to where you were.
It works where strangely zz would not work (vim 7.4.1689 on Ubuntu 2016.04 LTS with no special .vimrc)
z is the vim command for redraw, so it will redraw the file relative to where you position the cursor.
also look at the position of h and l and t and b and (with qwertz keyboard) c-e and c-y (also the "y" somehow points to the bottom) on the keyboard to remember where the screen is moving.
Assuming you got it from [https://curl.haxx.se/download.html (hyper-link)], just unzip it wherever you want.
Next, you'll want to make curl available anywhere from the command line.
Click the Add button and paste in the folder path where curl.exe lives.
Once you download a package, unzip it wherever you want.
Select Path, and add to the end of the "value" box: ;C:\curl\directory (with the directory changed to where you saved curl.)
Place curl.exe in a folder where you keep your software (e.g.
To run curl from the command line 
a) Right-hand-click on "My Computer" icon
b) Select Properties
c) Click 'Advanced system settings' link
d) Go to tab [Advanced] - 'Environment Variables' button
e) Under System variable select 'Path' and Edit button
f) Add a semicolon followed by the path to where you placed your curl.exe (e.g.
I was looking for the download process of Curl and every where they said copy curl.exe file in System32 but they haven't provided the direct link.
Copy and paste the extracted file somewhere like Z:\Tools\
using the android command to create avd you can specify where to place files.
I don't know how to specify where the .ini file should be stored :)
where {your_prefer_dire} is your preferred directory without braces but add doublequotes,
Move your .android to wherever you want it to.
For the where to add logic I think that it's important to refer to the [Single Responsibility Principle (hyper-link)].
The short answer is: Where it makes sense to you (with services).
If you work with a team, you should put your logic where it makes sense to the team.
[Breaking the Mold by Dayle Rees (hyper-link)] (author of CodeBright): This is where I put it all together, even though I changed a few things to fit my needs.
Magic Methods: I use the __get and __set methods of my models to hook into functionality where appropriate
[http://www.justinweiss.com/articles/where-do-you-put-your-code/ (hyper-link)]
For your case, the following WHERE clauses are equivalent:
None of these worked for me in SSIS v18.0, so I would up doing something like this:
WHERE CHARINDEX('_', thingyoursearching) < 1..where I am trying to ignore strings with an underscore in them.
If you want to find things that have an underscore, just flip it around:
WHERE CHARINDEX('_', thingyoursearching) > 0
Is "TakeWhile" worse than "Where" in sense of performance or clarity?
And finally, here's a snap of the folder structure, where flask_server.py is the Flask instance:
The problem with this is that when the SQL engine goes to evaluate the expression, it checks the FROM portion to pull the proper tables, and then the WHERE portion to provide some base criteria, so it cannot properly evaluate a dynamic condition on which column to check against.
You can use a WHERE clause when you're checking the WHERE criteria in the predicate, such as
OR operator can be alternative of case when in where condition
Debug output should also appear in the normal output window when debugging tests; whereas, console.writeline output does not (but can be found in the test output window.)
Where they're stored is up to you as the developer.
Where they get saved is controlled by the session.save_path variable.
One addition: It should be noted that, in case "/tmp" is the directory where the session data is stored (which seems to be the default value), the sessions will not persist after reboot of that web server, as "/tmp" is often purged during reboot.
In my opinion the author of this question simply wants to know where session variables are stored by default.
RabbitMQ is also used between microservices, where it serves as a means of communicating between applications, avoiding bottlenecks passing messages.
In other words, where data need to be collected, stored, and handled.
Kafka can be seen as a durable message broker where applications can process and re-process streamed data on disk.
I find Kafka more complex to understand than the case of RabbitMQ, where the message is simply removed from the queue once it's acked.
I would have chosen RabbitMQ if my requirements were simple enough to deal with system communication through channels/queues, and where retention and streaming is not a requirement.
There are two main situations where I would choose RabbitMQ; For long-running tasks, when I need to run reliable background jobs.
And for communication and integration within, and between applications, i.e as middleman between microservices; where a system simply needs to notify another part of the system to start to work on a task, like ordering handling in a webshop (order placed, update order status, send order, payment, etc.
Kafka acts as a high-throughput distributed system where source services push streams of data, making them available for target services to pull them at real-time.
One critical difference that you guys forgot is RabbitMQ is push based messaging system whereas Kafka is pull based messaging system.
This is important in the scenario where messaging system has to satisfy disparate types of consumers with different processing capabilities.
With Pull based system the consumer can consume based on their capability where push systems will push the messages irrespective of the state of consumer thereby putting consumer at high risk.
Rabbitmq is not a popular choice for etl systems rather for those systems where it requires simple messaging systems with less throughput.
I realize that this is an old question, but one scenario where RabbitMQ might be a better choice is when dealing with data redaction.
To elaborate, take a use case where you need to create a messaging system that has super high throughput for example "likes" in facebook and You have chosen rabbit mq for that.
You created an exchange and queue  and a consumer where all publishers (in this case FB users) can publish 'likes' messages.
Since your throughput is high, you will create multiple threads in consumer to process messages  in parallel but you still bounded by the hardware capacity of the machine where consumer is running.
To find where SBT 1.3.13 is installed, type sdk home sbt 1.3.13.
The arguments to the sdk install command align with where the files are stored in $HOME/.sdkman/candidates.
Where's SDKMan installed:
Where did it just install gradle?
Void_t abstracts the type of pointer returned by the vmalloc library routines because it was written to work on systems that pre-date ANSI/ISO C where the void keyword might not exist.
In minimalistic programs where a size_t definition was not loaded "by chance" in some include but I still need it in some context (for example to access std::vector<double>), then I use that context to extract the correct type.
I guessed I had an issue somewhere but wasn't sure where to look to find it (was it in the manifest, resource xml files etc?
UPDATE: I did have an issue after where Android Studio still showed the error after the fix, even though I could now build and run perfectly fine while the error was still there.
Unless you have changed something or called a variable R. This issue usually happens out of nowhere, when it happens to me, so I imagine its just Android studios freaking out.
The scenario that I've hit cannot resolve symbol R is when I forget to add "@+id" that where I've to define an id in a menu item.
[Here (hyper-link)], I have already answered a question where a guy was unable to change his JDK path in Android Studio because there was a white space in his SDK directory.
Install the Android Studio as well as Android SDK in a directory or path where, there isn't any white space.
The problem was in an xml file, where i have given ordinary string value for an android:id instead of an id resource type.
Step1:
So go and look at the top of each file where the package is specified as follows pakage="YourURL.YourProject"; and insure that the correct package (Your Own Project) is specified.
go to --> build.gradle (Module: app) file of your project --> do a little change (for example: put a <space> somewhere and remove it back) --> then android studio will ask you to sync your gradle file--> at top right corner of the file --> select "sync now".
Check that there is no error line in the dependencies of the build.gradle of the app or in all the resource files in the /res directory; where some common errors are when the attribute values are left without references when using:


"@string/.."
"@style/.."
-second look for event log what Android studio caught the error and it will give you which file and where the error is.
The IDE simply showed red everywhere.
This ensures that this logic can easily be used from anywhere you need to access the data that your model represents.
Also, a quick bit of google reveals a few more concrete examples of what goes where.
Controller: This is where data processing goes.
Model: Your model should be where all your  code that relates to your data (the entities that make up your site e.g.
I like to think of the controller as a security guard/receptionist who directs you the customer(request) to the appropriate counter where you ask a teller (view) a question.
So to extend the metaphor, in my stereotyped and unrealistic world, tellers (views) are pretty but empty-headed and often believe anything you tell them, security guard/receptionists are minimally polite but are not very knowledgeable but they know where people should and shouldn't go and managers are really ugly and mean but know everything and can tell what is true and what isn't.
Here's how to print the complete list of files in the working tree which match patterns located anywhere in Git's multiple gitignore sources (if you're using GNU find):
Once created, anywhere (in Git-bash) run:
However, that doesn't fully solve your problem, since you still need to import these somewhere, and the earlier they get imported the better.
Strictly speaking, signal handling and registration code can live anywhere you like, although it’s recommended to avoid the application’s root module and its models module to minimize side-effects of importing code.
Wget 1.18 may work better, e.g., I got bitten by a version 1.12 bug where...
is returning a Builder object which you could use to append more where filters etc.
I`
think this condition is better then 2 where.
Its 
where condition array in array of where conditions;
The main thing to remember about mocks versus stubs is that mocks are just like stubs, but you assert against the mock object, whereas you do not assert against a stub.
When your test checks values in the class under test, or actually anywhere but the fake, the fake was used as a stub.
Example of a test where class FakeX is used as a stub:
Example of a test where test class X is used as a mock:
It makes you aware of how you are testing your stuff and where the dependencies of your test are.
Unit testing - is an approach of testing where the unit(class, method) is under control.
You should see an entry INSTALLATION DIRECTORY, but there is also GEM PATHS which is where it's loading all your gems from in your current environment.
->It is located in $MAVEN_HOME/conf/settings.xml...
where $MAVEN_HOME is your environmental variable of Maven that you have downloaded.
This was because odbc.py expected, as values in SQL statements, dates as dbi.dbiDate whereas pyodbc.py expected datetime values.
In programming Scenario:   You are often faced with situations where you need to execute a particular action, but you don’t know in
advance which method, or even which object, you’ll want to call upon
to execute it.
My guess is that the version with Where filters out the 0s and they are not a subject for Sum (i.e.
Running the following sample, it becomes clear to me that the only time Where+Select can outperform Select is in fact when it is discarding a good amount (approx half in my informal tests) of the potential items in the list.
In the small example below, I get roughly the same numbers out of both samples when the Where skips approx 4mil items out of 10mil.
I ran in release, and reordered the execution of where+select vs select with same results.
However where and where+select are not.
BTW, I concur with the [Stilgar's guess (hyper-link)]: the relative speeds of your two cases vary depending on percentage of invalid items, simply because the amount of job Sum needs to do varies in the "Where" case.
Where+Select creates an iterator that skips invalid elements (doesn't yield them), performing a + only on the valid items.
And for Where+Select:
Where:
cost(yield) is the cost of constructing the new state of the where iterator, which is more complex than the simple iterator that the Select version uses.
As you can see, for a given n, the Select version is a constant, whereas the Where+Select version is a linear equation with p(valid) as a variable.
The Where() condition is actually applied during the Sum(), inside of the call to MoveNext() (This is possible thanks to the magic of [yield return (hyper-link)]).
(Though, note that calling the Where() condition within MoveNext() still has some small overhead, so if most/all of the items have mc.IsValid == true, result2 will actually be faster!)
Use LINQ everywhere.
The both [Select (hyper-link)] and [WhereSelect (hyper-link)] will create a WhereSelectListIterator.
In both cases, there is a Sum that loops over an iterator, the WhereSelectListIterator.
The where clause returns a field value, and the ternary predicate also returns a field value.
The combined select clause has the branch as a ternary operator, but the WhereSelect uses the branch in MoveNext.
The most expensive operation so far is the branch, where a wrong prediction will cost us.
It doesn't look like anyone has posted results from a system where the accumulation costs much more than the Invoke.
Given the code below which should approximate what LINQ is doing internally, the relative costs are as follows:
Select only: Nd + Na
Where+Select : Nd + Md + Ma
To figure out the point where they will cross, we need to do a little algebra:
Nd + Md + Ma = Nd + Na => M(d + a) = Na => (M/N) = a/(d+a)
It sounds like you need to make use of [advanced where clauses (hyper-link)].
It is the directory from where you start the batch file.
It is the directory from where you run the command to execute your batch file.
Where does user.id go after passport.serializeUser has been called?
We are calling passport.deserializeUser right after it where does it fit in the workflow?
When you set in done(null, user) in deserializeUser where 'user' is some user object from your database:
This may retrieve multiple rows for the userid where the maximum date is on multiple rows.
In other words: fetch the row from t1 where no other row exists with the same UserId and a greater Date.
So that's why we use WHERE t2.UserId IS NULL, because we're searching for the cases where no row was found with a greater date for the given userid.
So it works, although some of the new-fangly stuff mentioned elsewhere may be more performant.
If you want to delete everything which is not 2(including the NULLs) then add OR id IS NULL to the WHERE clause.
Use <> to negate the where clause.
WHERE id <> 2 should work fine...Is that what you are after?
So, in general, any where clause may be negated according to the above rules.
(or variants thereof, not id = 2 etc) will not delete rows where id is NULL.
But if you have existing code that's not formatted to the new spacing, then you can right-click anywhere within the file and click Format Document.
Where IsNullConverter is defined elsewhere (and conv is set to reference its namespace):
You can [docker inspect (hyper-link)] each container to see where their logs are:
And, in case you were trying to figure out where the logs were to manage their collective size, or adjust parameters of the logging itself you will find the following relevant.
I've made a simple video where I demonstrate download size, number of files etc.
You filter what you want with WHERE.
If you place it in the WHERE clause instead, the performances are the same if the join is INNER, otherwise it differs.
Placing the filter in the WHERE clause when it really is an OUTER JOIN condition implicitely cancels the OUTER nature of the condition ("join even when there are no records") as these filters imply there must be existing records in the first place.
Exception to this would be an IS NULL filter, such as WHERE t2.column IS (NOT) NULL (which is in fact a convenient way to build conditional outer joins)
I think the faster way is to put the filter in the where clause, because it will procees that filter in the where first , and then the join clause, so there will be no need of permutation of filters.
So the where clause is parsed and evaluate prior to the select clause.
Think of it like this, your where clause evaluates first, to determine which rows (or joined rows) need to be returned.
Once the where clause is executed, the select clause runs for it.
Where always gets evaluated first, then the select clause.
It is not permissible to refer to a column alias in a WHERE clause,
  because the column value might not yet be determined when the WHERE
  clause is executed.
Unknown column in WHERE clause caused by lines 1 and 2 and resolved by line 3:
$sql = "SELECT * FROM users WHERE username =".$userName;
$sql = "SELECT * FROM users WHERE username =".$userName.
$sql = "SELECT * FROM users WHERE username ='".$userName.
If you're trying to perform a query like the following (find all the nodes with at least one attachment) where you've used a SELECT statement to create a new field which doesn't actually exist in the database, and try to use the alias for that result you'll run into the same problem:
You'll get an error "Unknown column 'attachmentcount' in WHERE clause".
Your defined alias are not welcomed by the WHERE clause you have to use the HAVING clause for this
OR you can directly use the original column name with the WHERE
Same as you have the result in user defined alias as a result of subquery or any calculation it will be accessed by the HAVING clause not by the WHERE
For me the root of the problem was a number which I copied to use in a WHERE clause.
So I think the answer should rather depend on the readability of each (where I think that IN clearly wins)
EnsureCreated is
  designed for testing or rapid prototyping where you are ok with
  dropping and re-creating the database each time.
In order to call Database.EnsureCreated() or Database.Migrate(), we can, and want to, have the DbContext resolve automatically in Startup.Configure(), where our configured services are now available through DI:
Changing the Organization name as SLF described didn't set the project file as modified and no changes where saved.
I found another solution elsewhere; that is, to use
SELECT * FROM myTable WHERE LCASE(myField) LIKE LCASE('sOmeVal')
There is a database-level default collation, and it is used as the default for altered and newly created columns that do not specify the COLLATE clause (which is likely where this common misconception comes from), but it does not impact queries directly unless you are comparing string literals and variables to other string literals and variables, or you are referencing database-level meta-data.
And this is true for the entire query, not just the WHERE clause.
using a variable-length datatype without specifying the size will rely on the default size, and there are two different defaults depending on the context where the datatype is being used.
If you want logs in a separate file other than the console: 
Double click on the server--> Open Launch Configuration--> Arguments --> add 
-Dlog.dir = "Path where you want to store this file" and restart the server.
create catelina.out some where in your computer.
At standard input and output section, check "output file", click on file system and then selected the folder where your create your catelina.out.
We will look at how the contents of this array are constructed and can be manipulated to affect where the Perl interpreter will find the module files.
[How does a Perl program know where to find the file containing Perl module it uses?
To get around this issue, wrap your select statement in a CTE, and then you can query against the CTE and use the windowed function's results in the where clause.
Also, row_number() in the where clause is a common error in answers given on Stack Overflow.
WHERE
WHERE is always processed before SELECT making a CTE or Sub Query necessary for many functions.
The tree object for the directory where the submodule lives will have an entry for the submodule's commit (this is the so-called "gitlink").
This will return Events where Participants have a user ID of 1.
In where use your table name, not Model name.
Here is an example if you want to show Event where ALL participant meet certain requirement.
Let's say, event where ALL the participant has fully paid.
Simply use the whereDoesntHave of the others 2 statuses.
I tried using the 'WHERE' statement above, I thought its correct since nobody corrected it but I was wrong; after some searches I found out that this is the right formula for the WHERE statement so the code becomes like this:
Try using function|field that return non-string value for SQL comparison condition (WHERE, HAVING, ORDER BY, GROUP BY).
2000) then optimize the WHERE clause like this:
You may want to add an extra column for added clarity in some cases such as where records span several years then same month occurs in different years.Here so many option you can customize this.
A more general answer to this question is that it will most likely be in the bin sub directory of wherever your jdk is installed.
One of the ways you use a singleton is to cover an instance where there must be a single "broker" controlling access to a resource.
Also think of a situation where you have an application with many windows/threads/etc, but which needs a single point of communication.
Making sure that access to shared resources thread safe is one very good example of where this kind of pattern can be vital.
The Test::Builder singleton stores and brokers the state and history of the test process (historical test results, counts the number of tests run) as well as things like where the test output is going.
If you have many different parts of your code that need to work with a single instance of an object, that is where it makes sense to use singletons.
Now, inside a template you can do {{ template_var|pdb }} and enter a pdb session (given you're running the local devel server) where you can inspect element to your heart's content.
IPython.embed() starts an IPython shell which have access to the local variables from the point where you call it.
As soon as I hit any exception (including ones handled gracefully), pdb stops where it happens and I can look around.
can help diagnose problems in views or anywhere else, without the need to use a debugger.
Where did it put it, and how does Javascript find it?
The npm cli puts all the downloaded modules in a node_modules directory  where you ran npm install.
An example of where this simplified implementation of require fails, is when you require a file that is not valid JavaScript, e.g.
In addition, most of the previous solutions assume Python 2.7, where zip returns a list rather than an iterator.
where
Python example of such case where a_ij == j, n == 2
I had same issue, if you want simple output based on your where condition , then first solution is better.
Edit: Removed suggestion that this works for unrooted devices too - it only works for emulators, and devices where you are operating adb as root.
The databases are stored as SQLite files in /data/data/PACKAGE/databases/DATABASEFILE where:
By "resolved" we simply mean, where and how the container looks for the real instance to invoke.
application //this is where your logic goes, the files that makes the application,
Regardless of where you put the CSS file you can simply use the CodeIgniter "html" helper called link_tag().
Put your css where it usually belongs, in site_root/css/ and then use the helper:
That's where you should put the images, css and js files inside the assets folder.
Where this is the most visible is when you're doing traditional polymorphic inheritance, basically class B extends A just won't work.
One scenario where final is important, when you want to prevent inheritance of a class, for security reasons.
So Final class will have all final methods, where as Final method can be declared and defined in non-final class.
Where filters the IEnumerable so that it gives you a subset of the original IEnumerable.
Where
Where is all about filtering.
Select and Where are two completely different operators acting on IEnumerables.
 Where : (IEnumerable<T1>, Func<T1, bool>) → IEnumerable<T1>  ; this one takes an IEnumerable containing elements of type T1 and a predicate on T1 (that is, a function that produces a boolean result for an input of type T1).
If you know how they have implemented Where and select extension methods you can predict what it is doing...
I tried to implement where and select extension methods... You can have a look at it...
Where Implementation ::
Where ~= Filter
Where() works as an filter to the IEnumerable, it will return the result on the basis of the where clause.
where gacutil
Running python -v from the command line should tell you what is being imported and from where.
It will give you all the details with the location of where pip is storing all your other packages.
Finally, you also have to take a look into the following folder, if you want to know where the images are downloaded.
Now where is this image downloaded on your hard disk?
That's a diskspace reserved for linux env, so you will not be able to browse further down to see where the image is.
I don't know why are you trying to reach the image, but you can create a backup file from it just using docker command and load it afterwards where you wish.
I'd be interested if someone could point out a case where the use of auto was required to get a correct parse or behavior.
However, in the C++11 standard the auto keyword has been 'hijacked'  to support type inference, where the type of a variable can be taken from the type of its initializer:
Type inference is being added mainly to support declaring variables in templates or returned from template functions where types based on a template parameter (or deduced by the compiler when a template is instantiated) can often be quite painful to declare manually.
Unlike outside of a function, where a=3 is interpreted as a definition int a =3 because assignments don't exist at file scope, a=3 is an error inside a function because apparently the compiler always interprets it as an assignment to an external variable rather than a definition (even if there are no extern int a forward declarations in the function or in the file scope), but a specifier like static, const, volatile or auto would imply that it is a definition and the compiler takes it as a definition, except auto doesn't have the side effects of the other specifiers.
These types of shenanigans in a WHERE clause will often prevent the query optimizer from utilizing indexes.
There WHERE part could be written like this:
Also if we pass this value into sql where clause to get blank values with other values I don't know how to handle that.
No sense consuming 18k per user session if the visitor can get the same file elsewhere.
For that reason I host the jquery-min version myself either on the same server or a static/external server but either way a location where only I (or my program/proxy) can update the library after having verified/tested every change
It's not typically a problem with default settings but on corporate networks where the user may not have control over which browser they use let alone the security settings you may have a problem.
You can use the standard .NET boolean operators in your single where clause:
You can certainly do it within a Where clause (extension method).
in your .Where() call use the standard Boolean 'Or' operator, ||.
All the Where call does is a Boolean comparison on anything you want, so you can fill it with as much conditional logic as you wish.
Given an existing Linq query you can add a where clause that takes an array of strings (SearchStrings), and check if any of them match whatever object in the collection you're search.
or you could switch to the method syntax for linq and use if conditions to attach expressions to the where clause.
If you do not call ToList() and your final mapping to the DTO type, you can add Where clauses as you go, and build the results at the end:
The base query is Select(f => f) which means basically EVERYTHING, and the Where clauses are optionally attached to it.
Simply I am using it in my where clause as
Based on certain condtion add the where condition
...
Where you materialize the query is up to you.
Hide the normal checkbox (opacity 0 and placed where it would go)
With this mode enabled, 0x27 will be replaced with 0x2727 rather than 0x5c27 and thus the escaping process cannot create valid characters in any of the vulnerable encodings where they did not exist previously (i.e.
And that is where it stores the data.
Actually, the default directory where the mongod instance stores its data is
You don't need that, especially because you already have a condition in place (the WHERE clause).
SELECT * FROM test WHERE text LIKE '%something%' LIMIT 1 with
mysql_num_rows()  : 0.039061069488525s.
SELECT count(*) as count FROM test WHERE text LIKE '%something%  :
16.028197050095s.
SELECT EXISTS(SELECT 1 FROM test WHERE text LIKE '%something%') :
0.87045907974243s.
SELECT EXISTS(SELECT 1 FROM test WHERE text LIKE '%something%' LIMIT 1) : 0.044898986816406s.
SELECT * FROM test2 WHERE id ='321321' LIMIT 1 with
mysql_num_rows()  : 0.0089840888977051s.
SELECT count(*) as count FROM test2 WHERE id ='321321' : 0.00033879280090332s.
SELECT EXISTS(SELECT 1 FROM test2 WHERE id ='321321') : 0.00023889541625977s.
SELECT EXISTS(SELECT 1 FROM test2 WHERE id ='321321' LIMIT 1) : 0.00020313262939453s.
This is because the first query can be satisfied by the index, whereas the second requires a row look up (unless possibly all the table's columns are in the index used).
When we create a static variable or method it is stored in the special area on heap: PermGen(Permanent Generation), where it lays down with all the data applying to classes(non-instance data).
If not, check your System PATH to see where in the path hierarchy and which typescript directory is listed.
In cases where a parent class has a default constructor the call to super is inserted for you automatically by the compiler.
Over the years,
  we've addressed  these at the VM level, to the point where it becomes
  practical to  consider lifting this restriction, not just for records,
  but for all  constructors.
Can you give a code example where, if the compiler did not have this restriction, something bad would happen?
It may be done by imposing a restriction on where super() or this() may occur in a constructor.
In case of any doubt (like in the first get(), where x is actually always assigned), the compiler could return an error.
That would be better than simply return error on any constructor where there is something except a comment before super() or this().
Another common option is use [numpy.where (hyper-link)]:
EDIT: If you need divide all columns without stream where condition is True, use:
If working with multiple conditions is possible use multiple [numpy.where (hyper-link)]
or [numpy.select (hyper-link)]:
After the extra information, the following will return all columns - where some condition is met - with halved values:
I'd use a 'where not exists' -- exactly as you suggest in your title:
Consider it re-written without the explicit JOIN and NOT EXISTS statements above (assumes the non fully qualified fields in the WHERE clause belonged to the voter table):
[Query.where() (hyper-link)] and [Query.orderBy() (hyper-link)] return new Query objects that add operations on top of the original Query (which remains unmodified).
When you have more than one where it is necessary to make it more dynamic as in my case.
For OR queries (which can't be done with multiple where clauses), see [here (hyper-link)].
where (2) wouldn't suffice..aside 'coding to interfaces' and best practices etc.)
The only case that I am aware of where (2) can be better is when using GWT, because it reduces application footprint (not my idea, but the google web toolkit team says so).
The user of this interface has precise control over where in the list each element is inserted.
This is a classical design pattern in OOP where you always try to decouple your code from specific implementation and program to the interface.
Actually there are occasions where (2) is not only preferred but mandatory and I am very surprised, that nobody mentions this here.
The difference is list ends up calling INVOKEINTERFACE whereas aList calls INVOKEVIRTUAL.
the interpreter pops 'n' items off the operand stack, where 'n' is an 8-bit unsigned
  integer parameter taken from the bytecode.
you can use it only with ArrayList, not LinkedList, but you can allow to use any of List classes on other places where it method is using, it's just your choise, so using an interface can allow it:
Use the interfaces everywhere when it possible, don't restrict you or others to use different methods which they want to use.
where 1 is not standard so, as others have pointed out, will not work in other dialects.
People add where 1 or where 1 = 1 so where conditions can be easily added or removed to/from a query by adding in/commenting out some "and ..." components.
If you are asking about the differences in performances and results, there isn't any , 2 and 3 are the same WHERE TRUE , and they will result the same as the first one.
In 1, MySQL does not need to evaluate any WHERE conditions.
In 2 and 3, the where condition is static and not based on the rows' values.
The MySQL optimizer is explicitly [documented (hyper-link)] to remove constant conditions in the WHERE clause:
Often the third is used when constructing dynamic WHERE clauses.
we use  2 and 3 format to make dynamic query so we already know "where" keyword  is added and we keep adding  more filters .
You don't have to check the sql query for where keyword as its placed in first or initial query
if there is no 'where' clause in sqlquery  then
However the way 2 and 3 are written is mostly is in order to have control of the "Where" statement so it would make it easier to add it or remove it later.
If you need a where statement you do like in number 3 otherwise number 1 would be good enough.
In MS SQL 1 and 3 are same , however, option 2 will not work , option 2 is an invalid statement as in MS SQL, WHERE is used to compare some values.
Select * from 'myTable where ID = 3 (valid)
Select * from 'myTable where 1 = 1 is same as Select * from 'myTable where 2= 2 is same as Select * from 'myTable where 3= 3 you get the idea (valid) is same as Select * From 'myTable'
SELECT * FROM table_name : it will give you all the records of the
table with running any where statement.
SELECT * FROM table_name WHERE 1 : this where condition is always
true, its mostly used by hacker to get into any system.
SELECT * FROM table_name where 1=1 : This will give you all the
records of the table but it will compare the where statement and
then move forward, it's basically added to add or removed more
statements after that.
SELECT * FROM tablename WHERE 1 - Check this [answer (hyper-link)]
SELECT * FROM tablename WHERE 1=1 - Check this [answer (hyper-link)]
For more Info about WHERE clause optimizations check these : [MYSQL (hyper-link)], [SQLite (hyper-link)], [SQL (hyper-link)]
Avoid Enums Where You Only Need Ints
Those functions are imported by store.js where we configure our store:
Note that absolute imports require this change to YourProjectFolder/jsconfig.json - this tells it where to look for files if it can't find them at first.
